marseille prosecutor brice robin said wednesday that `` so far no videos were used in the crash investigation '' . he added , `` a person who has such a video needs to immediately give it to the investigators '' . robin 's comments follow claims by two magazines , german daily bild and french paris match .
the palestinian authority officially became the 123rd member of the international criminal court on wednesday . the formal accession was marked with a ceremony at the hague , in the netherlands , where the court is based . the palestinians signed the icc 's founding rome statute in january .
amnesty international 's annual report catalogs the use of state-sanctioned killing as a punitive measure across the globe . the report cites the example of pakistan lifting a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians following the horrific attack on a school in peshawar in december .
the public mass sentencing was part a china 's `` strike hard '' campaign against unrest in xinjiang , a campaign the government claims was launched to combat `` terrorism '' and `` separatism '' . but it was also indicative of a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death penalty in a misguided , attempt to tackle crime and terrorism .
anne frank died of typhus in a nazi concentration camp at the age of 15 . two weeks after her supposed death , she died at least a month earlier than previously thought . researchers re-examined archives of the red cross , the international training service and the bergen-belsen memorial .
a duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union . the student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs . officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved . criminal investigations into the incident are ongoing as well .
the rev. robert h. schuller had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in august 2013 , a release from `` hour of power '' said . he was born in a iowa farmhouse without running water and longed to preach from his earliest days . in his autobiography , `` prayer : my soul 's adventure with god , '' he described standing alone by a river and picturing himself delivering sermons to a rapt congregation .
a stray pooch in washington state has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car , apparently whacked on the head with a hammer in a misguided mercy killing . the dog , a friendly white-and-black bully breed mix now named theia , has been receiving care at the veterinary teaching hospital .
mohammad javad zarif has been u.s. secretary of state john kerry 's opposite number in securing a breakthrough in nuclear discussions . if the details can be worked out in the coming weeks , he received a hero 's welcome as he arrived in iran on a sunny friday morning .
the april 1 edition of `` the price is right '' encountered not host drew carey but another familiar face in charge of the proceedings . bob barker hosted the tv game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007 . despite being away from the show for most of the past eight years , barker did n't seem to miss a beat .
at first glance trey moses and ellie meredith could n't be more different . but all that changed thursday when trey asked ellie to be his prom date . trey made the prom-posal -lrb- yes , that 's what they are calling invites to prom these days -rrb- in the gym during ellie 's p.e. class .
andreas lubitz , the co-pilot of germanwings flight 9525 , is accused by authorities of deliberately crashing the plane in the french alps . he died in the crash along with 149 other crew and passengers . the motive of the march 24 crash is under investigation , though investigators are looking in to whether he feared a medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot 's license .
california is a breadbasket to the nation , growing more than a third of its vegetables and nearly two-thirds of its fruits and nuts . in 2014 , one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the california drought . fresh fruit prices are projected to rise between 2.5 % and 3 % , close to historical average increases .
the company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives and liberals . former minnesota gov. tim pawlenty , who famously called on the gop to `` be the party of sam 's club , not just the country club '' .
five americans were monitored for three weeks at an omaha , nebraska hospital after being exposed to ebola in west africa . one of the five had a heart-related issue on saturday and has been discharged . they are clinicians for partners in health , a boston-based aid group .
andrew getty , 81 , has a net worth of $ 2.1 billion , according to forbes . one of the heirs to billions of oil money , appears to have died of natural causes , a los angeles police spokesman said . getty was found on his side near a bathroom in his home .
mike pence , a koch favorite , mulls 2016 run for president . pence is drawing huge heat for his controversial decision to sign a religious freedom law last week that opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians . the fact is pence has scored a lot of points this week among ultraconservatives .
tropical storm maysak has lost a lot of steam as it has spun west in the pacific ocean . it 's now classified as a tropical storm , according to the philippine national weather service . authorities took preemptive steps to keep people safe such as barring outdoor activities like swimming , diving and boating in some locales .
man , louis jordan , 37 , had an amazing story . he 'd been drifting on the 35-foot pearson sailboat for more than two months since leaving conway , south carolina , to fish in the ocean . one of his shoulders was broken , too , so he could n't fix the boat right away .
walker 's death in november 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash was especially eerie given his rise to fame in the `` fast and furious '' film franchise . the release of `` furious 7 '' offers the opportunity for fans to remember -- and possibly grieve again -- the man that so many have praised as one of the nicest guys in hollywood .
u.s. and its negotiating partners reached a very strong framework agreement with iran in lausanne , switzerland , on thursday that limits iran 's nuclear program . expect pushback anyway , if the recent past is any harbinger , the house speaker john boehner invited israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu to preemptively blast it before congress .
mötley crüe 's vince neil reminded us this week of the dangers of tackling `` the star-spangled banner '' . to say neil butchered the song before the las vegas outlaws arena football league game would be unkind to those in the profession .
yahya rashid , a uk national from northwest london , was detained at luton airport on tuesday . he 's been charged with engaging in conduct with the intention of assisting others to commit acts of terrorism . both charges relate to the period between november 1 and march 31 .
a nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse started at 3:16 a.m. pacific daylight time , when the moon began moving into earth 's shadow . the total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds , and nasa says that makes it the shortest one of the century . parts of south america , india , china and russia also will be able to see the eclipse , but it wo n't be visible in greenland , iceland , europe , af
the family-run restaurant finds itself at the center of the debate over the state 's religious freedom restoration act after its owners said they 'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple 's wedding . by the end of the week , they had donated more than $ 842,000 for the business .
most rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough that they run out of whatever food and drinking water they 'd brought aboard , if any . in order to survive , they ca n't bank on technology or the proximity of a nearby city , town or boat -- but instead must rely on ingenuity and luck .
a plan to allow `` women and families '' to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year , deputy sports minister abdolhamid ahmadi said . the rules wo n't change for all matches because some sports are mainly related to men and `` families are not interested in attending '' them .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart iran 's nuclear ambitions . his comments come as democrats and republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift western sanctions on iran in exchange for the country dropping from 19,000 to 5,060 active centrifuges .
former heavyweight boxer mike tyson lived in a southington , ohio , mansion . the home featured an indoor swimming pool , a marble-and-gold jacuzzi and an entertainment room large enough for small concerts . tyson sold the house in 1999 ; it 's due to become , of all things , a church .
christ 's mission of salvation in the crucifixion and resurrection is surrounded by interesting quirks . by dying on good friday , christ atoned for the sins of others ; by rising from the grave on sunday , christ conquered death . unlike christmas , it does n't fall on the same day every year but shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events .
police in indian city of malegaon have asked residents to take a ` mugshot ' of their cattle and submit it to the police . along with the photograph , the residents have to give information about their animal 's ` unique features , ' such as the coloring and age of the cow .
keonna thomas , 30 , and her former roommate , asia siddiqui , 31 , were arrested in new york and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the united states . the fbi said thomas purchased an electronic visa to turkey on march 23 . thomas was charged with knowingly attempting to provide material support and resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization .
this is the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries that is really the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online . amos yee , the teenage video blogger who was arrested and held pending bail in singapore , drew international attention for his anti-lee kuan yew harangue .
robert lewis burns jr. , the original drummer in southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd , died friday night in a car crash . burns was part of the genre-defining band 's original lineup , which formed in jacksonville , florida , in 1965 .
the canadian singer has revealed to people magazine that she was bedridden for five months after contracting lyme disease . lavigne is releasing a new single this month to support the 2015 special olympics and says that being ill was a `` wake-up call '' that has given her a new perspective .
fbi agents and task force officers were following kevone charleston , 36 , as he pulled into a cvs pharmacy in forsyth county , georgia , early saturday morning . the suspect was shot before being captured by fbi agents . the fbi is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to november 2013 .
the ncaa is taking a very different position in response to a lawsuit filed by former university of north carolina athletes . the lawsuit claimed the students did n't get an education because they were caught up in the largest known academic fraud scandal in nca history . in its response , the nca says it has no legal responsibility to ensure the academic integrity of the courses offered to student-athletes at its member institutions .
scientists at the european organization for nuclear research -lrb- cern -rrb- completed final tests , enabling the first beams to start circulating sunday inside the lhc 's 17 mile -lrlrbb- 27 km -rrrr- ring . the beam generates up to 600 million particles per second . it took thousands of scientists , engineers and technicians decades to devise and build the particle accelerator , housed in a tunnel between lake geneva and the jura mountain range
the saudi-led coalition smashed parts of yemen 's defense ministry central command in the capital over the weekend . under the rain of coalition bombs , the houthis , who are shiites in a majority sunni country , still control sanaa . many fear they will lose access to clean water as well .
the united states has erupted this week about what it means to live your religion in indiana , where its new religious freedom restoration act faces a firestorm from critics who say it uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people . so far , 20 states have some version of the religious liberty law , and the legal controversies have grown .
somalia-based al-shabaab has been behind a string of recent attacks in kenya , the most well-known of them being the massacre at the westgate shopping centre in nairobi in 2013 . the attack is another step in the ongoing escalation of the terrorist group 's activities .
a connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision wednesday denying a motion to let the teen go home . the judge also denied a motion for visitation . cassandra was diagnosed with hodgkin lymphoma in september and medical experts gave her an 85 % chance of survival if treated with chemotherapy .
the longest-leading billboard hot 100 of the 2010s ruling the chart for a 13th week . it 's also just the 10th single in the hot 100 's entire history to spend at least 13 weeks at no. 1 . plus , newcomer natalie la rose reaches the top 10 with her debut hit `` somebody '' .
thai airways unveiled colorful new livery featuring jake , finn and the beloved princess bubblegum sprawled across an airbus a320 at bangkok 's suvarnabhumi international airport . the interior of the plane also has an adventure time theme , with overhead bins , head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters from the show .
the temperature was recorded at argentina 's esperanza base on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula . the world meteorological organization , a specialized united nations agency , is in the process of setting up an international ad-hoc committee of about 10 blue-ribbon climatologists and meteorologists .
kim ki-jong is accused of stabbing u.s. ambassador mark lippert in seoul . he has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction . kim 's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today 's indictment . the ambassador suffered a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw .
obama 's political standing and his historic legacy in foreign policy are so deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with iran that if the deal ultimately collapses , he may fear that historians will conclude that his legacy in global affairs collapsed with it . the reason is that obama has a huge political stake in these negotiations , even though iran is the country whose economy was sent into a deep chill by international sanctions .
the nfl legend called out deion sanders jr. on twitter for saying he only eats `` hood doughnuts '' . in response , the elder sanders reminded his son he has a trust fund , a condo and his own clothing line called `` well off '' . junior is a wide receiver at southern methodist university , an aspiring entrepreneur and occasional rapper .
the company is shutting down the broken arrow facility `` out of an abundance of caution '' to search for a possible cause of contamination . it is the third time blue bell has taken action in light of a listeria outbreak at a kansas hospital that served the company 's ice cream . the bacteria in the hospital sample and the factory sample appeared to match each other genetically , the cdc said .
hong kong police answered a call in the early hours of a saturday morning last november they encountered a grisly scene and an alleged crime that shocked the city . one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks . another was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony .
` furious 7 ' is getting the widest release in universal 's history . the final film featuring the late paul walker , `` furious 7 '' is opening around the globe this weekend . the current record-holder for top april opening domestically is `` captain america : the winter soldier , '' which debuted to $ 95 million from 3,928 theaters last year .
manning , who is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents , appears to have joined twitter this week . in a series of tweets , the prisoner formerly known as bradley manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to communications firm fitzgibbon media . she is not allowed internet access in prison , according to the guardian .
columbia journalism school professors concluded that `` the failure encompassed reporting , editing , editorial supervision and fact-checking '' . the magazine 's managing editor , will dana , wrote , `` we would like to apologize to our readers and to all of those who were damaged by our story and the ensuing fallout '' . `` actionable '' means the statement must be both false and defamatory .
japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government 's top military official earnestly revealed that the country 's air self defense force had never encountered an unidentified flying object . inoki has appeared in the u.s.-based wwe -- which describes him as `` among the most respected men in sports-entertainment '' .
fbi has confirmed that marwan was killed in an otherwise disastrous raid in the philippines in january . marwan , whose real name is zulkifli bin hir , was believed by the fbi to a member of southeast asian terror group jemaah islamiyah 's central command .
the government of shibuya ward passed ordinance on wednesday paving the way for `` partnership certificates '' for same-sex couples , allowing them some of the rights of married heterosexual couples . other advantages that heterosexual married couples enjoy are controlled by the federal government and are outside the remit of individual municipalities .
the offbeat tv series , created by lynch and mark frost , featured a quirky fbi agent who went to the pacific northwest town of twin peaks to investigate the mysterious murder of a high school girl . lynch also wrote that he had personally called the actors over the weekend to let them know he would no longer be directing .
a university of kentucky basketball player is apologizing for the `` poor choice of words '' he muttered under his breath after the team 's stunning loss to wisconsin on saturday . harrison said his words were `` in jest , '' and that he meant no disrespect to kaminsky , who is white .
the plant , located in zhangzhou city , produces paraxylene -lrb- px -rrb- , a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics . five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital for treatment .
the illness was reported to the epa on march 20 . paramedics were called last week to a rented villa at the sirenusa resort in st. john after the family of four fell ill . they had rented the villa from march 14 to march 22 , and were later hospitalized . only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings .
rand paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of republican . he 's tried to brand himself as the gop 's minority outreach candidate . the problem for paul is that they do n't back up their words with their policies . but they ca n't actually appeal to the community unless they have a real commitment to the issues facing minority communities .
a 15-count indictment filed in federal court in california bristles with accusations of conspiracies , transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions , violations of the controlled substances act , misbranding charges and money laundering charges . it 's a practice the supreme court has approved of for over a century .
the show about a 1960s advertising agency and its collision with changing times has become part of the national fabric , if never a huge ratings hit . in march , a `` mad men '' bench was unveiled in front of new york 's time & life building , where the fictional firm of sterling cooper & partners has its headquarters .
comedian chris rock made light of racial disparities in police treatment of whites and blacks with a tongue-in-cheek guide to not being beaten by the police . he posted a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks . blacks are about 30 % more likely to be pulled over by police than whites , according to figures reported by the bureau of justice statistics in 2013 .
wahlberg 's film , to be titled `` patriots ' day , '' is being produced by cbs films , which linked to the deadline article from its website . wahlberg is hoping to play boston police commissioner ed davis , who retired after the attack in 2013 . the film will be told from davis ' point of view .
manuela arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new hyundai sonata . on thursday 's edition of the popular game show , former host bob barker , 91 , showed up to run his old show . it 's been a busy week for `` the price is right '' .
kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims . using the hashtag # 147notjustanumber -- a reference to the number of people killed at garissa university college on thursday . the attack in kenya killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel , and was the nation 's deadliest since the bombing of the u.s. embassy in 1998 .
investigators are not expected to return to the crash site , said capt. yves naffrechoux of the high mountain gendarmerie . the plane crashed march 24 in rugged terrain of the alps about 6 miles -lrb- 10 kilometers -rrb- from the town of seyne-les-alpes .
carlos colina , 32 , was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . officers arrived at the scene , opened a duffel bag and found human remains . after that discovery , police say , a surveillance video led them to an apartment building , where more body parts were discovered in a common area .
american jennifer stewart says she and her husband booked felix on their etihad airways flight from the united arab emirates to new york 's john f. kennedy international airport . felix was able to get loose , stewart said , because the cat 's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point either during the flight or the transfer from the airplane to the pickup area .
the hollywood mogul was interviewed on bill simmons ' podcast recently , and let it drop that fans can expect more of the quirky comedy . netflix had no comment for cnn when asked to verify his statements . the fourth season was streamed exclusively on netflix in 2013 , after fox canceled the show several years before .
domestic goddess easter triduum has a kind of major prologue in maundy thursday , the day when , by tradition , jesus celebrated the last supper with his disciples in the upper room in jerusalem . the idea of holy communion begins with this meal , which was a passover meal .
in the new testament , money gets 37 mentions , while `` gold '' gets 38 citations , `` silver '' merits 20 , and `` copper '' four . `` why was this perfume not sold for three hundred denarii and the money given to the poor ? '' judas iscariot objected to the act .
massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory -- those of former new england patriot aaron hernandez and boston bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev . in louisville , kentucky , sen. rand paul made the not-so-surprising announcement that he will run for president , while in chicago , voters will head to the polls in a very surprising runoff .
ted cruz was the only official contender in the race , as the senator from texas hit the trail in iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate . he 's counting on iowa , known for its vocal and active evangelical base , to propel him forward in what 's expected to be a tough competition among gop candidates .
nina dobrev announced she will be leaving the cw show at the end of this season . she posted on her social media accounts after a `` goodbye party '' at lake lanier outside atlanta , where the show is filmed . fans called the couple `` delena '' and love interest vampire damon salvatore .
zhou yongkang , 72 , was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people . he retired in 2012 . prosecutors have accused zhou of `` taking advantage of his posts to seek benefits for others and illegally accepting huge amounts of money '' during his long political career .
officials from fabindia -- which sells ethnic garments , fabrics and other products -- are heading to goa to work with investigators . four employees of the store have been arrested , but its manager -- herself a woman -- was still at large saturday , goa police superintendent kartik kashyap said .
the group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11 , with the youngest born in 2013 , a turkish official told cnn on condition of anonymity . it did n't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into syria , which has been torn by a roughly four-year war between syrian government forces and islamist extremist groups .
the performer , who was also an accomplished guitarist , was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 . he died friday in a hospital in istanbul , five days after his 66th birthday . the singer , whose full name was kayahan acar , was born in izmir province , in western turkey on march 29 , 1949 .
a nuclear submarine being repaired at a russian shipyard has caught on fire , according to a law enforcement source . `` the submarine is in a dry dock , '' tass reports , citing the source , and there is no ammunition on board . the fire began on a sub in the zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern russia .
the fire had been extinguished by wednesday night , state oil company pemex said . at least 10 boats worked to battle the blaze for hours off the coast of mexico . the fire began in the platform 's dehydration and pumping area , the company said . the company denied rumors the platform had collapsed .
radio5monde was gradually regaining control of its channels and social media outlets after suffering what the network 's director called an `` extremely powerful cyberattack '' . on a mobile site , which was still active , the network said it was `` hacked by an islamist group '' . there was no immediate claim of responsibility by isis or any other group .
a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general 's office in balkh province , northern afghanistan , according to a press release . two police officers and a security guard were among the dead . afghan security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight in order to avoid civilian casualties , the statement says .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the boston marathon bombing trial . seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty . the trial will next move into a penalty phase , where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides .
the blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the general electric appliance park in louisville , kentucky . firefighters took up positions around the affected buildings , spraying water from the periphery . the park is large , such that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses in the facility .
u.s. official : washington is `` not putting a timeframe on '' a possible invasion . mosul has long been the big prize in the iraqi government 's fight -- aided by a u.s.-led military coalition , which has carried out airstrikes for months -- to defeat isis .
the california public utilities commission on thursday said it is ordering pacific gas & electric co. to pay a record $ 1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system . most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety . the company 's chief executive officer said in a statement that pg&e is working to become the safest energy company in the united states .
a tornado cut a 22-mile path through ogle county , illinois , according to disaster management coordinator tom richter . eight tornadoes were reported wednesday in oklahoma , kansas and missouri , but it appears residents have been fortunate enough to come away from the terrifying weather spectacle alive .
a bystander 's cell phone video shows white north charleston police officer michael slager shooting to death an unarmed black man . if words were exchanged between the men , they 're not audible on the tape . scott , 50 , was hit five times as scott runs away .
police in india are putting aside their batons in favor of an overhead solution to angry and unruly crowds : pepper-spraying drones . the miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray ; each drone costs between $ 9,560 and $ 19,300 , yadav said .
a female employee accused xavier morales , a supervisor within the agency , of assault after he made sexual advances at her , according to the washington post . during the incident , he `` grabbed her arms when she resisted '' and the two tussled until morales gave up , sources told the paper .
richard dysart portrayed the cranky senior partner leland mckenzie in the slick , long-running nbc drama `` l.a. law '' . dysart also played coach in the original 1972 broadway production of jason miller 's pulitzer prize-winning `` that championship season '' .
mindy lahiri , a perky , quirky ob/gyn juggling her career and love life in new york . the show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation -- the first network sitcom created by and starring a woman of color -- and it looks likely to be renewed for the coming 2015-16 season .
don mclean 's `` american pie '' sold the 16-page manuscript of the song 's lyrics for $ 1.2 million to an unnamed buyer . mclean was a paperboy when , on february 3 , 1959 , he saw that buddy holly , ritchie valens and j.p. `` the big bopper '' richardson had been tragically killed in an airplane crash in clear lake , iowa .
anthony ray hinton , 58 , was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two birmingham-area , fast-food restaurant managers , john davidson and thomas wayne vason . but a new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified 12 years earlier that the revolver hinton was said to have used in the crimes could not be matched to evidence in either case .
april 8 , 2015 , is the alignment of 4:23.42 p.m. on that date to everyone obsessed with the hit abc show . twitter did n't , paying homage to the 1995 film `` empire records '' and the character of rex manning , played by the very dreamy maxwell caulfield .
mary kay letourneau fualaau was a married 34-year-old teacher and mother of four in seattle in 1996 . she gave birth to her young lover 's child and went on to serve more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship . on friday , abc 's `` 20/20 '' will air an exclusive interview with the couple , who will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on may 20 .
the band will play with a new drummer , mike portnoy of adrenaline mob . the band will also perform two shows in pero 's honor : one at las vegas ' hard rock hotel and casino , the other at the starland ballroom in sayreville , new jersey .
the critically-panned film , which opened last year 's cannes film festival , will premiere on lifetime on memorial day , may 25 . after the movie performed poorly in its international engagements , the weinstein co. decided to sell it directly to lifetime rather than book it into u.s. theaters .
` don mclean 's manuscript of ` american pie ' achieved the 3rd highest auction price for an american literary manuscript . christie 's tom lecky said it was time to part with the manuscript . `` i 'm going to be 70 this year , '' the singer and songwriter said in february .
kanye west had filed the civil suit against west after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him in july 2013 at los angeles international airport . west pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle . a judge sentenced him to two years ' probation , as well as anger management sessions and community service .
john travolta , one of the church of scientology 's most high-profile members along with stars like tom cruise and kirstie alley , is premiering his new film , `` the forger , '' in clearwater , florida . the hbo documentary is based on the book `` going clear : scientology , hollywood , and the prison of belief '' by lawrence wright .
king 's dehydration was caused by his type ii diabetes , but he `` is much better , '' his daughter , claudette king , told the los angeles times . b.b. is short for blues boy , part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey , the beale street blues boy .
dzhokhar tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the boston marathon in 2013 , setting off deadly explosions that wounded her and hundreds of others . in court last month , she testified that one of the blasts left her lying in the street , staring at her own bones . now , jurors have found him guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings and their aftermath .
chinese television host bi fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the communist party 's early years when he started going off script . the 75-second video clip , seemingly filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest , was uploaded on monday .
the storm moved to the northeast , missing the city , but posing potential risks to other communities . other reports of tornadoes came in from southwestern kansas , according to the storm prediction center . on thursday , more storms are expected in the midwest , mississippi river valley , tennessee river valley and near the southern great lakes .
katie gave birth to a not-so-little baby early friday evening . the newcomer 's debut was a long time coming , especially when you count for katie 's 15-month gestation period -- average for a giraffe . the zoo describes her as the `` diva '' among a herd of 12 giraffes at the zoo who loves to `` toss her head around '' when she does n't like something .
the fourth season of `` game of thrones '' saw massive battles , major deaths -lrb- tywin ! -rrb- and white walkers , but what can fans expect sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in hbo history ? it 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time .
venezuela has historically been the wrench in the diplomatic machinery , with some latin american leaders threatening not to attend the summit of the americas . the tide changed december 17 , 2014 , when president obama and castro announced that more than five decades of cold war rivalry was ending .
president obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with iran . but just as u.s. and european sanctions were forcing iran to the nuclear crossroads , president obama has given tehran an easy exit . the `` framework '' announced last week looks like a win-win : he gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure , and in return gets billions of dollars in sanctions relief .
martin o'malley and jim webb shared a stage at the polk county democrats awards dinner in des moines , iowa , on friday night . webb is a former senator from virginia who comes across as more stoic and , at times , uncomfortable with retail politics .
hundreds of mourners gathered at w.o.r.d. ministries christian center in summerville , which has a capacity of about 300 people . scott was fatally shot in the back by a police officer . the death of scott , who was black , at the hands of a white police officer was `` motivated by racial prejudice '' .
the suspect 's vehicle was spotted outside the census bureau , which is in suitland , maryland . a guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing . that guard was then shot at least once in the upper body , prince george 's county fire department spokesman mark brady said .
the incident took place as the u.s. and other world powers meet with iran in switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting tehran 's nuclear program . the navy mh-60r armed helicopter was flying from the deck of the uss carl vinson on a routine patrol in international airspace .
liana barrientos , now 39 , is facing two criminal counts of `` offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree '' . in 2010 , she married once more , this time in the bronx , but to a different man and without divorcing her first husband , she got hitched yet again .
the picture was apparently uploaded on imgur a few days ago . it has caught fire thanks to a post on the website 9gag . some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat . others are commenting about the construction of the stairs . there are advertisers waiting to take advantage of the situation .
frank gerald lacroix is the founder of the pope 's newly appointed cardinals . the 57-year-old says he has considered himself a lapsed catholic . he argues against things i passionately support , but i find myself -- like many other catholics -- enthralled .
the taliban 's `` cultural commission '' released the 11-page document in several different translations on the movement 's website . several afghan observers say the biography is aimed at dispelling rumors of omar 's demise . the biography also appears to be an attempt to remind the world of the afghan 's jihadi leadership credentials .
an amnesty international report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan . the report , entitled `` their lives on the line , '' examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women not only by the taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials .
the 40-year-old rapper from st. louis has been charged with felony possession of drugs , simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia . the state trooper stopped the bus carrying nelly and five other people on saturday because it was n't displaying u.s. department of transportation and international fuel tax association stickers .
the collection of the first six `` star wars '' movies will also include many special features , some of which give fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes of the saga . one focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies , including that of the insect-like geonosians , as seen in `` attack of the clones '' .
hillary clinton is one of the strongest candidates in many decades . she brings to the table extensive political and policy experience , a combination of skills that is often lacking . she has a keen sense about the nature of the modern news media , how to use it to her advantage and how to survive scandal frenzies .
martin o'malley told reporters in iowa on friday that inevitability -- a term bandied about regarding democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton -- is not unbreakable . the former governor of maryland and possible presidential contender said that although clinton is an `` eminently qualified candidate , '' the democratic party is full of `` good leaders '' .
ramalinga raju , the former chairman of software services exporter satyam computers services , was also fined $ 804,000 . investigators say losses to investors resulting from the company 's book manipulation were much higher . the case has been compared to the 2001 enron corp. scandal .
sweden has mandated that 60 of the 480 days be `` daddy months '' or `` partner months '' . if the 60 daddy days are n't used , they are lost , reducing the maximum leave to 420 days . the country also created a `` gender equality bonus '' : the more days that parents share the leave equally .
craig hicks , 46 , was arrested february 10 in the deaths of three muslim college students in chapel hill , north carolina . he was indicted on three counts of first-degree murder and a count of discharging a firearm into an occupied dwelling . he had no prior criminal record , police said .
colin farrell , vince vaughn , rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch star in the new season , which premieres june 21 . the plot synopsis , according to den of geek : `` a bizarre murder brings together three law-enforcement officers and a career criminal , each of whom must navigate a web of conspiracy and betrayal in the scorched landscapes of california '' .
more than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of umix , a series of social events the university stages for students . kyle was fatally shot at a texas shooting range in 2013 . some students believed the movie 's depiction of the iraq war reflected negatively on the middle east and people from that region .
lauren hill took her inspirational fight against brain cancer onto the basketball court and into the hearts of many . the indiana woman 's story became known around the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball . head coach dan benjamin said the toughest thing a coach has to deal with is a loss .
carlos colina , 32 , will be arraigned the morning of april 14 for murder in connection with the remains discovered saturday in cambridge . earlier this week , colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . the victim in that case is different from the one whose remains were found in recent days .
chris copeland of the indiana pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy new york nightclub early wednesday . two atlanta hawks , who had just finished a home game , were among those arrested . the hawks were not involved in the stabbing incident , but were arrested on obstruction and other charges later .
ryan gosling 's first feature as director has been divisive , to put it mildly . but there has been one shining light cutting through the fog of critical hyperbole : its setting , a besmirched and decaying detroit . the city is captured in all its waning splendor , the perfect backdrop for gothic .
elizabeth sedway was in hawaii in time to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary on monday . she was on a plane to head east and did n't get home until late tuesday night . the alaska airlines spokeswoman acknowledged that the carrier 's policy when someone has a medical issue is to call medlink , a group of er nurses and doctors .
hernandez , 25 , is on trial for the shooting death of odin lloyd , whose body was found in a massachusetts industrial park in june 2013 . hernandez 's defense gave its side of the story , wrapping up its witnesses in less than a day . much of the evidence in the former new england patriots ' case is circumstantial .
adele cifuentes ' husband continued his attacks and threatened to rape their little girl unless she left . in guatemala , nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed , it 's hardly unusual . in 2012 , a ceasefire agreement was reached between insurgents and the government .
robert durst , 71 , is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver , which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month . he faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge . durst was featured this spring in `` the jinx , '' a hbo documentary about him .
the department of justice -lrb- doj -rrb- will negotiate with the city to restructure the police department , which the department has charged with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination . the report offered a devastating insight into a police department and court system that preyed on its own citizens .
steve esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st. john , where they were renting a villa at the sirenusa resort . paramedics were called to the villa , which the family was renting . esmond was found unconscious ; the boys and their mother were having seizures .
oliver minatel , 22 , said he was sleeping on air canada flight 8623 from toronto when he felt something around his neck . the incident occurred about a half-hour before the flight landed at at atlanta 's hartsfield airport at about 4:30 p.m. where it was met by u.s. authorities .
the virginia attorney general asked the law firm of o'melveny & myers to take a look at how the university historically handled allegations of sexual assault by its students . the alleged gang rape at a fraternity house was in 2012 , and jackie told the university about it the next spring .
rory mcilroy went out in 32 and briefly raised the crowd 's hopes that he had a sniff of completing an improbable grand slam on sunday night . but he dropped two shots late on in the round to finish six under par . the 21 year old has been nothing short of a sensation at augusta .
this week 's announcement that the entire `` star wars '' saga would be released on digital hd at the end of the week . we imagine lots of nerds called in sick on friday . mindy kaling 's brother says that he posed as a black man years ago to get into medical school and that the experience opened his eyes to what he calls the hypocrisy of affirmative action .
5-eleven is hosting the first bring-your-own-cup slurpee day at united states stores from 11 to 7 p.m. saturday to kick off peak slurpee season . customers at participating stores can fill their `` cup '' of choice for $ 1.49 , the average cost of a medium slurpee .
photographer jeff gusky has chronicled the area in a portfolio he calls `` the hidden world of wwi '' . the revelations of the underground city , which extends for miles in some directions , have come to light recently because of a series of events . gusky , a national geographic photographer , has been chronicling details of the site .
loretta lynch 's confirmation is now taking on new historical relevance as her wait for a confirmation vote by the full senate drags into its sixth month . lynch , currently the u.s. attorney for the eastern district of new york , cleared the committee february 26 by a vote of 12-8 .
the crash took place sunday at the exotic driving experience , which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack . the driver of the lamborghini , 24-year-old tavon watson of kissimmee , florida , lost control of the vehicle .
this year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun , 51 pegasi . since then , ground-based surveys and nasa 's kepler satellite have discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed `` exoplanets '' . many of these planetary systems are quite unlike our own solar system .
in 1971 , the staff of a bank in baker street , central london , arrived at work to find that thieves had dug a 40-yard tunnel from a shop they had rented , hauled in a thermic lance and explosives . the gang got away with a haul worth around # 30 million -lrb- the incident later formed the basis of the movie `` the bank job '' .
yarmouk refugee camp has been engulfed in fighting between the syrian government and armed groups since december 2012 . commissioner-general pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp and speak with individuals about ways to relieve the suffering of the people who remain there .
`` not gon na lie , i shed a few tears at the end of furious 7 , '' one woman said monday on twitter . hers was just one of a flood of messages on social media from people who said they got choked up during scenes featuring walker , who died at 40 in a car crash in november 2013 . to finish walker 's scenes , the makers of the movie used body doubles , computer-generated images and even the actor 's brothers .
a new york judge issued an opinion authorizing service of divorce papers on a husband completely via facebook . if you are going to sue someone , you should at least let them know about it . in practice , it turns out people do n't like being sued . it also turns out that , to many defendants , procrastination of a lawsuit is a viable defense .
the stars have teamed together for a video backing the show 's co-creator with a #savetwinpeaks campaign that says doing the revival without lynch is `` like pies without cherries '' . sherilyn fenn , sheryl lee , james marshall , peggy lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video .
selena , who died 20 years ago , is coming back in a big way : with a hologram-like figure . billboard reports that the singer 's family is creating a version of the singer that will be `` walking , talking , singing and dancing digital embodiment '' of her persona . the technology is being handled by acrovirt llc , a nevada-based tech company .
the infinity left san diego on march 29 . it made its last stop in puerto vallarta , mexico , on april 10 . the cdc has yet to determine what 's causing the ailments . two staffers from the agency are scheduled to meet the west coast-based ship on monday .
five young chinese feminists were detained on march 6 and march 7 in three chinese cities -- beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou -- shortly before events they had planned for international women 's day on march 8 . the five were initially held on suspicion of `` picking quarrels and provoking trouble '' .
daniel boykin , 33 , plead guilty to unlawful photography , aggravated burglary and violation of the computer act . police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on boykin 's phone and computer . the victim filed a complaint after seeing images of herself on his phone last year .
the oregon parks and recreation department has reported that a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state 's coast this week . inside were found -- more than four years and 4,000 miles later , if officials ' suspicions are correct -- some specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish normally found in japanese waters .
cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by marshaling the support of other regional countries to insist on their attendance at the summit of the americas . for the first time since 1962 , the u.s. has not blocked cuba 's attempt to join . cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in panama , arriving with more than 100 government officials , diplomats , small business people and artists .
the group said it launched an assault on the baiji oil refinery late saturday . by sunday , isis said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings . it would n't be the first time that militants and iraqi forces have battled over the refinery , a key strategic resource that has long been a lucrative target .
ryan calhoun and delonte martistee , students at troy university , were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators . the troy , alabama , police department found video of what appeared to be a panama city gang rape during the course of an investigation into an unrelated shooting .
alaska airlines flight 448 was just barely on its way to los angeles from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon . the banging in the cargo hold did come from a person and he turned out to be a ramp agent from menzies aviation , a contractor for alaska airlines that handles loading the luggage .
phillip hyman , 56 , grew up in the neighborhood where walter scott , an unarmed black man , was shot in the back several times by a white police officer on saturday . the figure , painted black in mourning for the family , has wings because it 's going to heaven .
a u.s. rc-135u was flying over the baltic sea when it was intercepted by a russian su-27 flanker . the incident occurred in international airspace north of poland . russian state news agency sputnik reported the plane was flying toward the russian border with its transponder switched off .
a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of philadelphia 's cobbs creek park with only a blanket and a bible . the person responsible is the man 's mother , who on sunday faced a host of charges after allegedly abandoning her son and catching a bus to maryland to see her boyfriend .
president barack obama says he is `` absolutely committed to making sure '' israel maintains a military advantage over iran . israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu agreed to halt the country 's nuclear ambitions , and in exchange , western powers would drop sanctions that have hurt the iran 's economy .
the girls were abducted on the night of april 14-15 , 2014 , in the town of chibok , in northeastern nigeria . the government girls secondary school had been closed for a month because of the danger posed by boko haram militants . students from several schools had been called in to take a final exam in physics .
police added attempted murder to the list of charges against the mother of a quadriplegic man who was left in the woods for days . nyia parler can not be extradited to face the charges in philadelphia until she completes an unspecified `` treatment '' . when she does arrive , she will be charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person and related offenses .
kansas gov. sam brownback bans what it describes as `` dismemberment abortion '' and defines as `` knowingly dismembering a living unborn child and extracting such unborn child one piece at a time from the uterus '' . the law does not spell out a specific time frame that limits when an abortion can occur , but it bans the dilation and evacuation abortion procedure commonly used during the second trimester of pregnancy .
nyia parler , 41 , was arrested sunday after she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in maryland . if she chooses not to challenge her extradition , she will be transported to philadelphia once the treatment is complete .
jia jiang quit his comfortable six-figure job to follow his dreams of being an entrepreneur at the age of 30 . in 2012 on his third day of the project , jiang asked austin , texas , krispy kreme manager -lrb- jackie braun -rrb- to make him five interlinked donuts to mimic the olympic symbol .
more than 25,000 people have fought ebola infections over the last year . for those who did not experience ebola personally , the `` most severe public health emergency seen in modern times '' showed the world its vulnerability to disease . it revealed real flaws in government systems that are supposed to protect us .
jill -lrb- duggar -rrb- dillard gave birth monday to a 9-pound , 10-ounce son she and husband derick have named israel david . dillard , who is a student midwife , said she gave herself two due dates and was prepared for the wait .
cnn situation room correspondent brian todd and photojournalist khalil abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on l street nw . the ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street , and some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them . a man gave up his umbrella for the cause `` while the mom was going crazy '' .
police sgt. jeremy sutton did not explain what may have made it a hate crime . ron lane , whom officials said was a longtime employee and the school 's print shop operator -- was white , as is the suspect . stancil fled on a motorcycle after the shooting and ultimately abandoned it in a highway median .
former australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster richie benaud has died at the age of 84 . benaud was a veteran of 64 test matches , including the bbc taking the game into millions of british living rooms . news of his passing quickly generated a wave of condolences , including from australian prime minister tony abbott .
tel verde islands are home to a greater number of musicians per square kilometer than any other country in the world . the former portuguese territory was once a key location for the transatlantic slave trade , a target for 16th century pirates and a refuge for exiled jews . cape verde is seeking to tap-into the spoils of this rich cultural heritage in a bid to help its economy flourish .
the migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of libya , the italian coast guard said . in the first three months of 2015 , italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving , the international organization for migration said . most of the migrants are asylum seekers , victims of trafficking or violence , unaccompanied children and pregnant women .
new research indicates that `` double falsehood '' was actually written more than a century earlier by shakespeare himself with help from his friend john fletcher . the findings were published this week by two scholars who used computer software to analyze the writings of the three men and compare it with the language of the `` newer '' play .
kenya froze dozens of accounts linked to al-shabaab , the militant group that claimed responsibility for the thursday attack . so far , the government has frozen 86 accounts , but that number could go up , a spokesman for the interior ministry said . kenyan authorities have not released the names of the victims .
irish betting company paddy power is backtracking after tweeting that `` newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male '' . the tweet , a pun on the name of the famous home end at liverpool football club , alluded to recent controversial incidents in the united states .
malala yousafzai was gravely wounded by a pakistani taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls ' to go to school . it took a meticulous medical response to save her life more than two years ago . but malala recovered with no serious neurological damage to become a powerhouse for her cause .
hu rongrong was taken into custody for planning to protest on international women 's day against sexual harassment in china . they briefly detained some of the activists ' supporters , raided a prominent nongovernmental organization that called for their release . the fate of the five will be revealed by april 13 , as their case reaches the legal time limit when they must either be released or `` formally arrested '' .
jodi arias was sentenced to life in prison monday for the 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend travis alexander . before her sentence was handed down , she expressed remorse for her actions . `` i 'm truly disgusted and repulsed with myself , '' she said through tears .
attorney general eric holder wrote a memo to the u.s. justice department on friday . he does n't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo . the directive comes a few weeks after a justice department inspector general report found dea agents in foreign postings attended sex parties with prostitutes paid for by drug cartels .
hillary clinton answered the question we 've all been asking for years : will she run for president in 2016 ? with official news of her candidacy just hours old , one thing is already crystal clear : for the next year and a half , clinton will be the barometer by which we assess gender equality in the united states .
a white police officer , michael slager , gunning down and killing an apparently unarmed black man named walter scott after a traffic stop in north charleston , south carolina . the event raises broad , troubling questions about how often such incidents take place without the benefit of a third-party recording .
nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals . believe it or not , nashville prosecutors have offered this option four times in the past five years . some have claimed this practice `` evokes a dark corner of american history '' where the mentally ill or `` deficient '' were forced to undergo sterilization .
emy afalava was born in american samoa , a u.s. territory since 1900 . he has been subject to american law his whole life and thinks he should be a citizen . the fourteenth amendment declares that `` all persons born ... are citizens of the united states '' .
after two days of deliberation , jurors found dzhokhar tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the boston marathon bombing . by 2050 , pew reports , that will be some 1 out of 3 . by 2070 ? well , i 'll quote the all-caps headline reprinted by the drudge report : `` muslims to outnumber christians ! '' .
apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race , ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis . the reaction to this new lineup is , as should be expected with almost anything new in today 's hypersensitive climate , a range of cheers and jeers .
michael slager shot eight shots at walter scott as he fled his encounter with north charleston police -- his back turned to the officer . if not for the video taken by a bystander , i ca n't help but think that this story would be shuttered behind the wall of an active investigation .
pentagon released a map showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30 % of iraqi territory seized by isis . the map , above , shows gains in key central and northern iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force . as the u.s. department of defense acknowledges it 's a dynamic conflict and territory can change hands depending on `` daily fluctuations in the battle lines '' .
iman hashi , 25 and her sister siham , 27 , were born in the somali capital but were forced to flee after war broke out in 1991 . along with their parents , the girls relocated to canada as refugees where during their teens they discovered a passion for music . the singing sisters with a bold flair for fashion are now embarking on a musical journey , gearing up to unleash their afro-pop sound to the world .
yarmouk camp was set up as a refugee camp for palestinians in the 1950s . but since 2012 it has been engulfed in the syrian conflict . residents told cnn , including barrel bombs that flattened many of the buildings already scarred by the three-year-long conflict .
the new miniseries from mark burnett and roma downey is one of six shows to watch this week . `` a.d. . the bible continues , '' 9 p.m. et sunday , nbc . just in time for easter , the peacock network debuts the `` bible '' sequel , picking up with jesus ' resurrection and following the early days of christianity .
`` avengers : age of ultron '' is released on thursday . director bryan singer announced a new character for next year 's sequel `` x-men : apocalypse '' . jamie bell 's rocky character the thing in the rebooted `` fantastic four '' movie -lrb- out august 7 -rrb- might look were also finally answered .
odin lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in june 2013 . he played football for the boston bandits , the oldest semi-pro team in boston and the winner of four championships in the new england football league . his mother , sister and cousin described him as a champion of family , a gifted athlete and a hard worker with a sense of humor .
danny kahneman , my good friend and co-author who got a nobel prize in economics , once helped to run an experiment involving patients undergoing colonoscopies . it turns out that the group for whom things ended well had significantly more positive recollections of the whole affair from its beginning .
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez will need to keep his lawyers even after being convicted of murder and other charges in the death of odin lloyd . next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a boston nightclub in july 2012 .
lincoln 's two greatest legacies -- indivisible union and irreversible emancipation -- grew organically from his midwestern roots . he knew firsthand that no defensible border shielded the land of cotton . the entire region from the appalachians to the rockies drained through the mississippi river , enabling farmers to float their goods down to market through new orleans .
the center for elephant conservation sits on 200 acres of land in rural florida , halfway between orlando and sarasota , off a nondescript country road . the change comes after years of repeated criticism and lawsuits by animal rights groups . the ultimate decision to phase out the elephants , is the result of the different laws regulating the use of the animals in each of the 115 cities the circus visits every year .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor in the english premier league . aaron ramsey scored the only goal of the game for the gunners . arsene wenger said coquelin 's contribution to arsenal 's current run was ` absolutely consistent in the quality of his defensive work ' .
the kickoff to the new season leads the list of six things to watch in the week ahead . `` orphan black , '' 9 p.m. et , saturday , april 18 , bbc america . the cloning cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on tv .
channing tatum twerking for jennifer lopez to host amy schumer 's archery fail , there were plenty of highlights and misfires from the 2015 mtv movie awards : see the full winners list . here are the jokes , performances and moments that hit the target and the ones and missed it .
the pitch-black-dark new series streamed its entire first season on netflix on friday morning . charlie cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney matt murdock , whose nights are consumed with cleaning up the new york neighborhood of hell 's kitchen while dressed in a black ninjaesque outfit .
alyssa milano was on a trip with her husband that she described in an earlier tweet as a `` romantic getaway '' . the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight . milano , who has long been an outspoken advocate of breastfeeding , said the cooler the milk was in was also confiscated .
cynthia lennon passed away today at her home in mallorca , spain , following a short but brave battle with cancer . the pair met at art school , where cynthia studied to be an illustrator and john practiced painting -- in between concerts with a band that would become the beatles .
amy winehouse , known for her bluesy voice , bouffant hairdo and numerous tattoos , struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums . her biggest hit , `` rehab , '' chronicled the efforts of those around her to get her to submit to substance abuse treatment .
ray gricar , 59 , disappeared on april 15 , 2005 . he left behind a live-in girlfriend , a beautiful and successful daughter and a bank account that was supposed to fund a fast-approaching retirement . investigators have taken dives to the bottom of lakes , dug up a grave , chased more than 300 reported sightings from arizona to north carolina .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . the death penalty is on the table . the jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week . this year , runners will take on the 26.2 mile challenge april 20 .
in 2013 , three people died and over 200 were injured when a pair of bombs went off within 12 seconds of each other at the finish line . the first phase of tsarnaev 's trial began march 4 , after which federal prosecutors called 92 witnesses , and the defense just four timeline of the bombings .
students on the kikuyu campus stampeded down the halls of the kimberly dormitory , and some jumped from its fifth floor . the confusion and panic came less than two weeks after al-shabaab slaughtered 147 people at a college in garissa , kenya .
tokyo electric power company -lrb- tepco -rrb- deployed the remote-controlled robot on friday inside one of the damaged reactors . it was the first time the probe had been used . the robot , set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris , stalled after moving about 10 meters .
robert bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter monday morning . he surrendered tuesday morning , accompanied by his attorney , clark brewster , and immediately posted bail of $ 25,000 . harris ' brother , andre harris , told cnn that he is pleased district attorney steve kunzweiler pressed charges .
the tiny shop , located in tsim sha tsui , is swarming with people handing over wads of cash for the `` little bear cookies '' . people are even hired to stand in line to buy the goods and are later resold at a 70 % mark-up yards away .
the reinforcements come four days after isis began attacking northern iraq 's baiji oil refinery , a key strategic resource that has long been a target . the additional troops came from camp speicher , a fortified iraqi base near the city of tikrit , according to the media office of the hasd al-shaabi militia .
` this is a problem that is off the charts historically , ' brett mcgurk made in an exclusive interview . he said , `` we 're in unchartered territory here '' . the united states has also been stepping up efforts to involve sunni groups in the fight against isis .
more than 500 houthi rebels have been killed since the start of saudi-led military operations against yemeni shia fighters . saudi forces responded to mortar rounds fired by houthis on a saudi border site . three saudi military officers were killed and two others were wounded .
boy and her family fled birim at first light , piling in with three other families . they squeezed into one boat setting sail through the bab al-mandab strait to djibouti . it 's now being crossed by desperate yemenis in rickety fishing boats seeking refuge from the conflict threatening to engulf their country .
the explosion outside the bauchi motor park happened around 8:30 p.m. after a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers . the bus was heading to the central nigerian city of jos , 125 kilometers away . the woman pretended to be going to jos and lingered around the bus .
john t. booker jr. of topeka , an american citizen also known as mohammed abdullah hassan , was taken into custody near manhattan , kansas , in a van that contained what he thought was a bomb . fort riley 's security was never breached and no people were in danger , the u.s. justice department said in a press release . booker enlisted in the army last year and was due to ship out to basic training april 7
thousands of yazidis live within hearing distance of one of iraqi kurdistan 's frontlines with isis . the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar and fled the isis assault there back in august . but the islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves .
muhammadu buhari said he 'll `` rapidly give attention '' to curbing violence in the northeast part of nigeria , where the terrorist group boko haram operates . by cooperating with neighboring nations chad , cameroon and niger , he said his administration is confident it will be able to thwart criminals and others contributing to nigeria 's instability .
clinton 's soon-to-be campaign manager distributed a `` values statement '' at the meeting that outlined what the campaign will stand for , what their goals are and how they plan to win -- something clinton failed to do in 2008 . many of the `` guiding principles '' in the memo mention issues that sunk clinton 's first campaign .
faleh essawi is the deputy chief of the provincial council . he says isis has taken the east of the city , it 's not accessible . the government feels that restricting vehicles will decrease the likelihood of explosives making their way into iraq 's capital . those too young or too tired to walk pile into metal carts pushed by boys or young men , normally used to carry produce to markets .
the team 's boat got near the dock when a swarm of asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack . team member devin patel described the moment of terror : `` the fish was flopping on my legs . it was so slippery that i could n't get a grip on it '' .
the white house insists it does n't need congressional approval for the iran nuclear deal announced this month . the fight for congressional approval would be politically bruising and consume a huge amount of energy . but it would still be a mistake to move forward with the deal as an executive-based agreement rather than obtaining the consent of the legislative branch .
the #foodbanknycchallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week , which translates to $ 1.38 per meal . paltrow showcased an array of leafy greens , dried beans and rice , purchased for the amount a person living on food stamps is allotted each week .
gov. nathan deal signed a bill thursday that will legalize low-thc cannabis oil for certain `` medication-resistant epilepsies '' . the bill is dubbed haleigh 's hope act . haleigh was having hundreds of seizures a day and the five potent drugs meant to control them were n't making life better for the little girl .
michael barnett captured dramatic video of the fire , on interstate 30 just northeast of dallas , and uploaded it to cnn ireport . smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and barnett slowly approached in his vehicle . barnett said he did n't realize at the time that the bus belonged to the country band .
six people , including one civilian , were killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station in al-arish , capital of north sinai , authorities said . ansar beit al-maqdis , an isis affiliate , claimed responsibility for the attack , which came hours after another operation that the group also claimed .
photographer carolina sandretto captures is a world away from the images of neon 1950s american cars and postcard-worthy white sand beaches . the crumbling buildings that many cubans divide and cohabitate , often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling . following fidel castro 's 1959 revolution , houses and apartments were redistributed throughout cuba and the government promised that everyone would have a home in the new socialist utopia .
the bill , which passed 92 to 8 , also includes a two-year extension of a popular children 's health insurance program . the issue of payments to medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years . senate finance committee chairman orrin hatch of utah called passage a `` major , major accomplishment '' .
roxy walsh was holding on to some rocks when she spotted something special . engraved with the words , `` darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , '' the ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both joe and jenny . but there were no other clues -lrb- besides the fact that the words were written in english -rrb- as to where the couple might live .
australian prime minister tony abbott has announced that parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $ 11,000 of welfare benefits a year under a new government policy . under the new `` no jab , no pay '' policy , the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting january 2016 .
president barack obama and cuban president raul castro since they announced plans to start normalizing diplomatic ties should not be the end of the summit story . obama needs to put on a strong performance in panama at the summit of the americas if the u.s. is to have a chance of improving ties with neighbors who should be best friends .
u.s. military training efforts are being supplemented by outside agencies who are working with kurdish government troops and even militia in iraq and syria . some organizations have set up recruitment drives online , featuring applications for foreign fighters complete with checklists of what to bring and advice on bringing body armor across international borders .
the georgian chess grandmaster has been banned from the dubai open chess tournament . officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone , which was logged onto a chess analysis app . nigalidze 's opponent , tigran petrosian of armenia , grew suspicious .
we want to see the real parts of life , the ones that do n't get a filter or a facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless . tag your favorite unscripted , unedited , un-perfected moments using #meforreal and see what others are sharing on facebook , twitter and the daily share .
tulsa county sheriff 's office denied the allegations in the tulsa world 's report . some supervisors were told to forge reserve deputy robert bates ' training records , and three who refused were reassigned to less desirable duties . bates claims he meant to use his taser but accidentally fired his handgun at harris instead .
the items are crafts and artifacts made by japanese-americans confined to world war ii internment camps . a grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition , a facebook page , and mediation by `` star trek '' actor george takei has resulted in rago arts and auction center . takei thanked people for working to stop the sale .
rochelle `` shelly '' sterling claimed donald sterling used the couple 's money to buy stiviano a ferrari , two bentleys and a range rover , and that he helped her get a $ 1.8 million duplex . shelly sterling was thrilled with the court decision tuesday .
thabo sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage when he and teammate pero antic were arrested near the scene of the stabbing of indiana pacers forward chris copeland and two other women early april 8 . police were charged with misdemeanors , including disorderly conduct and obstructing governmental administration .
the jury of seven women and five men listened to more than 130 witnesses and reviewed more than 400 pieces of evidence over the months-long trial . hernandez , who was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole , after deliberating more than 35 hours over parts of seven days .
jason rezaian was arrested in july on unspecified allegations . it took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him . the iranian-american will be tried soon on espionage , tehran 's chief justice said . he is accused of economic spying , citing iranian state media .
al qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders , known as ustad ahmad farooq and qari abdullah mansur , were killed in cia drone strikes in january in north waziristan . the creation of the terror group 's south asia branch was seen by some terrorism analysts as an attempt to steal some of the limelight from isis .
the u.n. security council voted tuesday in favor of an arms embargo on houthis -- the minority group that has taken over large swaths of yemen . russia abstained from tuesday 's vote , saying it did n't like the inclusion of sanctions . in recent weeks , saudi arabia has led a coalition that is conducting airstrikes on targets associated with saleh 's supporters .
the girl has been using technology on social media platforms interacting with strange people and reading material that suggested she expressed an interest in joining a terrorist group called isis . virginia teen accused of being isis recruiter . it 's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged .
france 's ministry of culture and communications , tv5monde , offers round-the-clock entertainment , news and culturing programming in french . it functions under a partnership that consists of the governments of france , canada and switzerland , as well as the wallonia-brussels federation .
marion `` suge '' knight was ordered thursday to stand trial for murder and other charges stemming from a deadly hit-and-run confrontation on the movie set of the biopic `` straight outta compton '' . judge ronald coen also lowered knight 's bail to $ 10 million from $ 25 million , a figure that defense lawyers called excessive .
robert bates told nbc 's `` today '' show that he used to think that , too . `` believe me , '' he told the show in his first appearance since being charged in the death of eric harris , `` it can happen to anyone '' . bates would also have needed firearms certification training .
the marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives . south african police services said more than 10,000 people attended the march , including civil rights groups and nongovernmental organizations . many are asking , some via twitter , is it enough to fight #xenophobia ?
police arrested the suspect at 11 p.m. tuesday . kennedy had family in dekalb county , georgia , and reached out to the sheriff 's office there . previously , ryan calhoun and delonte martistee were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators .
the outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two disney theme parks in the state . the health department said 42 of the cases occurred from december 17-20 . measles is a highly contagious respiratory disease . it causes fever , red and sore eyes , runny nose , cough and a rash . it is spread by contact with an infected person through coughing or sneezing .
` furious 7 ' hits theaters friday , months after controversy stirred about the lack of diversity at the oscars . there were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category , which was dominated by white males . the cast includes dwayne `` the rock '' johnson , a samoan/black man -- black actors christopher `` ludacris '' bridges and tyrese gibson .
a natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in fresno , california , injured 11 people , including some inmates who were on a work detail there . the exact cause of friday 's blast is under investigation , but it happened at the spot where a county worker was operating a front loader .
a youtube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer , which had spanish subtitles on the screen . the trailer begins with a commentator 's voice asking , `` is it really surprising that the most powerful man in the world should be a figure of controversy ? '' . the highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in imax theaters on monday morning .
john helinski was homeless and nameless for three years . suddenly , he 's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension . but getting him into the system was hard , because helinski 's id and social security cards had been stolen . helinski is thinking of buying his own four walls .
dr. anthony moschetto , 54 , pleaded not guilty wednesday to criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson , criminal prescription sale and weapons charges . two other men -- identified as james chmela , 43 , and james kalamaras , 41 -- were named as accomplices , according to prosecutors .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , is accused of killing an employee monday at wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina . relatives have said victim ron lane was gay , cnn affiliate wncn reported , and investigators are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime .
the uss oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on december 7 , 1941 , during the japanese attack on pearl harbor . a total of 429 sailors and marines on the ship were killed . by 1950 , all unidentified remains were laid to rest as unknowns at the national memorial cemetery of the pacific .
syrian and palestinian refugees trapped in the yarmouk refugee camp have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities . but while the story is in itself tragic , it is the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling . the fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children .
kenyan president uhuru kenyatta announced three days of mourning following last week 's deadly attack at a nearby university . only a few kilometers away , 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred when al-shabaab militants invaded the campus in garissa , a town in northeastern kenya .
u.s. consulate was the target of the attack , isis said . at least four people were killed and 18 injured , police said . irbil is the capital of iraq 's semi-autonomous kurdistan regional government . the blast sent a huge fireball into the sky on a street parallel to the consulate .
as scholars like to say , the vatican has walked the line between spiritual and worldly concerns for centuries . one hundred years ago , more than 1 million armenians -lrb- some estimates run as high as 1.5 million -rrb- died at the hand of the turks .
a singapore math test spread across the web , leaving millions trying to figure out the hypothetical birthday of someone named cheryl . gisele bundchen , who walked what she says was her last fashion-show runway this week in her native brazil . jon ronson explores how social media may go too far in encouraging haters to shame people who make public missteps .
the main terminal at el rahaba airport is under the control of the houthi rebels . more than 100,000 yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began , and ocha , the united nations office for the coordination of humanitarian affairs , estimates that 15.9 million people here are in need of assistance .
nfl suspended adrian peterson in november over allegations that he disciplined his son , who was 4 at the time , too harshly with a `` switch , '' or thin stick . peterson played in one game last season , a 35-6 win against st. louis in september , before the league put him on an exempt list .
police say robert -lrb- bob -rrb- bates , 73 , thought he pulled out his taser during an arrest , but instead shot the suspect , who later died at a local hospital . bates was part of a group of deputies trying to arrest eric courtney harris , 44 , in the parking lot of a dollar general store .
the plot focused on the adventures of fiery orphan anne shirley , played by megan follows , who is sent to live on a farm in prince edward island . crombie played gilbert blythe , who evolves over time from anne 's pigtail-tugging tormentor to friend to husband .
robert bates had one taser training class over a six-and-a-half-year period , took three firearms training classes and qualified 10 times , from 2009 to 2014 , to use a handgun . his evaluations say he got along with other officers and related well with the public . authorities did not reply saturday to a request for comment on wood 's statements .
chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics during a six-month anti-drug campaign . authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use during the nationwide campaign to `` ban drugs in hundreds of cities '' .
soviet authorities invaded poland during world war ii and deported hundreds of thousands of poles . in effect , moscow stole much of an entire generation of young poles , a handful of whom lazar has located seven decades later . lazar remembers hearing 84-year-old boguslaw dokurno recall his grandfather 's dying wish .
airline pilots have an above average ability to compartmentalize personal problems . stress from the job is an accepted part of our career , or anyone 's career for that matter , stress issues may manifest as depression . the federal aviation administration now approves certain prescribed medication , allowing us to continue flying until depression is no longer a factor .
a study by we the people found that 80 % of women in mumbai had been street harassed . most people think of sexual violence as rape and tend to overlook touching , groping and stalking , not to mention the `` milder '' forms of ogling , leering , catcalling and whistling .
the thursday massacre was the most deadly assault so far , with 147 dead , easily eclipsing the terrorist group 's most notorious attack . al-shabaab says its attacks are to protest the more than 3,500 kenyan soldiers participating in the african union peacekeeping mission in somalia .
jack white will wrap his touring efforts in support of `` lazeretto '' with a brief , first-ever acoustic tour that will hit `` the only five states left in the u.s. that he has yet to play , '' according to white 's website . the shows will be unannounced until day-of-show , with tickets priced at $ 3 and limited to one ticket per person .
cnn confirms that michelle maclaren is leaving the upcoming `` wonder woman '' movie . the movie , starring gal gadot in the title role of the amazon princess , is still set for release on june 23 , 2017 . it 's the first theatrical movie centering around the most popular female superhero .
abc 's `` muppets '' revival is being produced by abc studios and the muppet studios , which disney owns . sources say the concept for the presentation includes the regular cast of characters created by jim henson -- kermit the frog , fozzie bear , gonzo and animal .
new york jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against pedro hernandez . his lawyer has said that he is mentally challenged , severely mentally ill and unable to discern whether he committed the crime or not . his attorney harvey fishbein has said his waiving of his miranda rights were legal .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , of columbus , allegedly traveled to syria for training and wanted to return home to kill americans , execution style , the u.s. department of justice said thursday . he was remanded into custody on friday .
the united states ' national parks were made for you and me . for saturday and sunday , they 're also free . most of the national park service 's 407 sites are free year-round , the 128 parks that charge a fee -- like yellowstone and yosemite -- will be free those two days .
nicole , a 30-year-old woman , does n't have to imagine this scenario because it 's her everyday reality . the small and unusual living space is all that this employed , single mother can afford in her high-cost community in san mateo , california . one aspect featured a house that is home to 16 people , including 11 children .
the public outrage over the `` religious freedom '' bills recently passed in arkansas and indiana caught the governors of those states completely off-guard , judging by their confused and contradictory responses . the politicians underestimated the pushback organized by local and national businesses , including companies with no previous record of public support for social equality .
former maryland gov. martin o'malley is trying to steal clinton 's thunder by talking about the problems of disproportionate wealth . in other recent news , chuck schumer will replace harry reid as leader of the senate democrats means the dreams of a more economically leftward party are crashing into political reality .
the magazine 's decision not to fire anybody or reorganize its newsroom operation is not . before the original story , `` a rape on campus , '' was pulled from the rolling stone website , it registered 2.7 million hits following its publication in november . the horrific allegations sparked protests against the fraternity , a police investigation , the temporary suspension of all fraternities at the school and a nationwide debate about the prevalence of sexual violence on college campuses .
jon cryer reprised the character 's record-store dance to otis redding 's `` try a little tenderness '' right down to the wall-dancing , the counter-bashing and , of course , the trademark white shoes . in the original scene , cryer dances around a record store , lip-syncing the song as he tries to win the affection of molly ringwald 's andie .
debra lobo , a 55-year-old california native , was shot in the right cheek and left arm and is unconscious but expected to survive , police said . lobo had left the jinnah medical and dental college , where she works as vice principal , to pick up her two daughters from school .
yemen 's health ministry said over the weekend that 385 civilians had been killed and 342 others had been wounded . the world health organization has put a higher figure on both tolls -- 648 killed and 2,191 wounded . like the saudis , hadi and his government are sunni .
ines dumig met sahra through a photo workshop at refugio , a shelter in munich , germany , for refugees and torture victims . the number of refugees seeking asylum in the european union increased by 25 % last year , with german receiving the most applications .
steve esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in st. john , where they were renting a villa at the sirenusa resort . the boys , 16 and 14 , were in critical condition at a philadelphia hospital on saturday , the family 's lawyer said .
police in marana , arizona , thought mario valencia held as he walked through a busy office park was locked and unable to fire . but just 10 seconds later a police car slammed into him in a move that ended a crime spree and sparked nationwide discussion on the officer 's unusual tactic .
jarret stoll , 32 , was arrested friday at the swimming pool of a las vegas resort on a drug-possession charge . he was released from the clark county detention center late friday on $ 5,000 bail . the kings , who won the stanley cup two of the past three seasons , did not make the nhl playoffs this season .
shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago , made up of 4,000 tents and counting . thousands of yazidis now call this corner of iraqi kurdistan home , about 18 miles -lrb- 30 kilometers -rrb- from one of the front lines with isis .
maggie doyne left her new jersey hometown to travel the world before college . she lived in a buddhist monastery , helped rebuild a sea wall in fiji . then went to india and worked with nepalese refugees . she met a young girl who wanted to find her family in nepal .
mchenry posted an apology on twitter , saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation at a virginia business . on the roughly one-minute long video that was captured by a surveillance camera , mchenry says to an employee at a register : `` i 'm in the news , sweetheart . i will -lrb- expletive -rrb- sue this place '' .
dr. sanjay gupta has been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years . his research has resulted in three cnn documentaries , culminating with `` weed 3 : the marijuana revolution '' airing at 9 p.m. et/pt sunday . readers were curious about the effects of medical marijuana in easing symptoms of various ailments .
brady announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend . the new england patriots quarterback was n't just there to support her in person , he expressed his emotions to the world on facebook . he followed the text with two hashtags , #goat and #thebestisyettocome .
davion navar henry only dressed up in a suit and borrowed a bible from the boys home where he lived . now 16 , he had lived his entire life in foster care , bouncing from one home to another . the older he got , the less likely it was that he would be adopted .
more than 300 suspects have been arrested in south africa in connection with deadly attacks on foreigners that have forced thousands to flee . the attacks in durban killed two immigrants and three south africans , including a 14-year-old boy , authorities said . heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes after local residents accused immigrants from other african nations of taking their jobs .
group of six young minnesota men conspired to sneak into syria and join isis `` by any means necessary , '' u.s. attorney andrew m. luger of the district of minnesota said they were not confused young men . recruiting for the isis terrorist network is a particular problem in minnesota 's community of somali immigrants .
jason warnock was driving through a canyon in lewiston , idaho , on wednesday when he saw the tree , then looked up to see an suv dangling over the edge of a cliff . the only thing holding the gmc yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence , still clinging to the earth above bryden canyon road .
joy womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the kremlin ballet theatre , kicking her legs up to her head , jumping and spinning across the room . the dancer , raised in california and texas , left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in russia six years ago .
the boragaon landfill is located in the city of guwahati , about 300 miles from bangladesh near the bhutanese border . through a series of photos taken within a day , bouldry captures what it 's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in india .
nigerian city is among african metropolises which have seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent . others include luanda , dar es salaam and accra , which is predicted to nearly double its millionaire count from 800 in 2012 to 1,500 in 2020 .
a lawsuit alleges johns hopkins university and the rockefeller foundation helped conduct a similar study in guatemala from 1945 to 1956 . orphans , inmates , psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected with sexually transmitted diseases to determine what drugs worked best in stopping the diseases . this is the second attempt to collect damages .
the new `` star wars : episode vii -- the force awakens '' cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film . the audience gasped , cheered and applauded . carrie fisher was also there , though without her trademark princess leia hair buns .
kim richards was taken into custody by police at the beverly hills hotel on accusations of trespassing , resisting arrest and public intoxication . richards reportedly entered rehab in 2011 for `` serious issues '' after what watchers deemed erratic behavior on the reality show , which also features her sister kyle richards .
eric harris was shot with his handgun after calling out , `` taser , taser '' -- an indication he planned to use a stun gun to subdue harris following a brief foot chase with the other deputies . unlike bates , they are not charged with a crime , but have come under criticism for pinning harris ' head to the ground .
australian chancey allen luna was found guilty of first-degree murder friday for his role in the august 2013 drive-by shooting of christopher lane . lane , an australian attending east central university , was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by luna . he 'll be formally sentenced in june .
japan 's nuclear watchdog had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the kansai electric power company 's takahama nuclear plant . locals successfully petitioned the court in fukui prefecture , where the plant is located , raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake .
isis has been using abu ghraib and other cases of western abuse to legitimize its current actions in iraq and syria . it is being used by the islamic state to support its sectarian narrative . this invocation of american transgressions by isis should be a sobering reminder of the importance of good governance in the pursuit of a solution to the unrest .
president barack obama joined u.s. surgeon general dr. vivek murthy and epa administrator gina mccarthy for a roundtable discussion on the topic as part of national public health week . murthy revealed to the group that asthma is a personal issue for him , as a favorite for him .
mike rowe has made it his mission in 2015 to remove 500,000 more pounds of trash from u.s. waterways . the part-office , part-dumpster has seven bedrooms , two bathrooms , a classroom and a kitchen . pregracke also gives rowe a tour of the 150-foot , solar-powered barge that the living lands & waters staff calls home during lengthy cleanups .
robert bates , 73 , killed eric harris , 22 , in tulsa , oklahoma , in 2009 . mehserle was sentenced to two years in prison for involuntary manslaughter but was released early due to good conduct . law enforcement experts say the gun should be holstered on the officer 's dominant side of the body .
oklahoma gov. mary fallin signed a bill on friday that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional or becomes unavailable . nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen , fallin 's office said in a press release .
in 2011 , florida enacted the firearm owners ' privacy act , which threatens prosecution and loss of licensure for any physicians who dare ask their patients about gun ownership and gun safety . some of those i treat suffered their injuries by bullets , typically fired by family members or themselves . in arizona , another assault on physician free speech is scheduled to go into effect this summer .
the claim appears to be the first in afghanistan by isis , cnn 's nick paton walsh said . it was made by an offshoot called isis wilayat khorasan . the bomber was named abu mohammad and he belonged to their ranks .
french customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an american flag . the drugs , whose value is estimated at more than $ 105 million , are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by french authorities . in november , french customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms -lrb- 550 pounds -rrb- of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of martinique .
robert kennedy jr. was in sacramento , california , to campaign against senate bill 227 , which makes it harder for parents to opt out of vaccinations . he said , `` they get the shot , that night they have a fever of a hundred and three , they go to sleep , and three months later their brain is gone '' .
iraqi security forces regained full control of the baiji refinery . a week ago , isis claimed it controlled part of the facility , posting images online that purported to back up the claim . meanwhile , peshmerga forces cleared 84 square kilometers of isis-occupied territory in iraq on saturday .
josh and vanessa ellis were driving underneath a highway overpass in bonney lake , a seattle suburb , when other motorists heard the crackle of a pending collapse . it took nine hours for crews to remove enough debris to discover the death toll on angeline road underneath state route 410 .
tokyo electric power company -lrb- tepco -rrb- deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down . the shape-shifting robots were sent in to assess the damage in one of the reactors that suffered a meltdown after a devastating earthquake and tsunami in march 2011 .
the american pharmacists association voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy , stating that `` such activities are fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers '' . this bolsters the association 's previous positions to oppose the use of the term `` drug '' for chemicals used in lethal injection cases .
carlotta asami , a spokeswoman for the united nations ' refugee agency , made the comments to cnn early tuesday . she and two of her colleagues had spoken to multiple survivors from the disaster who arrived in catania , italy . the account she offered differs from that provided by italian authorities on sunday .
a clip of the video , which features a gay couple holding hands , got the 18 + rating from the independent tv rain channel in russia on monday . the channel told cnn that it did n't want to break the controversial law , which bans `` propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors '' .
a car bomb exploded at a restaurant near the presidential palace in the heart of somalia 's capital tuesday , killing at least 10 people , including a woman and a boy , police said . somali police spokesman qasim mohamed roble told reporters the car bomb killed no government official or soldier . among the dead , was a boy who shined shoes .
daisy bentley , 23 , has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for those odd bits of paper that flutter to the ground when their owners are n't looking . her quest has uncovered a fascinating , if idiosyncratic , collection of shopping lists , reminders , love notes and motivational musings .
italian navy and coastguard had rescued an estimated 100,000 people . but it proved expensive and politically contentious , and europe was not prepared to help italy shoulder the burden of the crisis . without european support , the italian government cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants .
the gulf of mexico 's seafood industry , which supplies the united states with roughly 40 % of its seafood , is finally starting to rebound . however , profound challenges remain , in part because so many questions about the long-term consequences remain unanswered . one of the populations that can provide insight into these questions is the gulf crab .
the mu du bong was detained after it ran aground off the coast of mexico in july . the company that owns the ship , north korea 's ocean maritime management company , has skirted united nations sanctions . the security council said it `` played a key role in arranging the shipment of concealed arms and related materiel '' on another ship .
a federal jury 's decision to convict dzhokhar tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 boston marathon bombings was the most anticlimactic of anticlimaxes . the case regularly lands on the front pages of our two daily newspapers , the globe and the herald , and often leads the local television newscasts .
heather mack , 19 , sentenced to 18 years in prison for killing sheila von wiese-mack on the indonesian island last august . schaefer claimed he killed his girlfriend 's mother in self-defense after a violent argument erupted over the couple 's relationship .
a plane overran a runway while landing at japan 's hiroshima airport on tuesday evening , prompting the airport to temporarily close , the japanese transportation ministry said . there were 73 passengers and eight crew members -- including five cabin attendants , two pilots and a maintenance official -- aboard .
drake appeared less than enthused after madonna 's prolonged smooch onstage at the coachella music festival in california on sunday . the rapper clarified his reaction : `` do n't misinterpret my shock !! i got to make out with the queen madonna and i feel 100 about that forever '' .
brazilian supermodel gisele bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at sao paulo fashion week on wednesday night . the 34-year-old , who is married to new england patriots quarterback tom brady , has said she wants to spend more time with her family .
the alfred r. murrah federal building in oklahoma city , oklahoma , was bombed by two disaffected young americans on april 19 , 1995 . one hundred sixty-eight people died in the terrorist attack , including 19 children . cnn captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today .
in 2014 , the nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell , unleashing an avalanche that killed 16 nepalis who had just finished their morning prayers . in order to reduce risks , the route through khumbu icefall has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , has been found guilty on every count , the jury must decide whether he should live or die for what he has done . four young people are gone , and grief fills the spaces they once occupied . others are expected to come and cry for lingzi lu , `` a jolly soul '' .
bishop robert finn remained on the job for years after becoming the highest-ranking u.s. catholic official convicted in connection with the church 's long-running sex abuse scandal . joseph , missouri , was found guilty in 2012 of failure to report suspected child abuse . he was put on two years ' probation but was not forced to spend time in jail or pay a fine .
i 'm pretty hyped for `` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' just got a makeover . instead of ben affleck and henry cavill facing off , this version wonders what it would be like if comics ' classic characters adam west and christopher reeve took their places .
the americans , '' 10 p.m. et wednesday , fx . critics continue to praise `` the americans '' as one of the best series on tv , and every finale has delivered in a big way . the first history channel scripted series , which been renewed for a fourth season , wraps up on thursday .
the movie , due out august 7 , promises a very different take on the classic marvel comics characters , played this go-round by miles teller , kate mara , michael b. jordan and jamie bell . not to be outdone , the new trailer for `` jurassic world '' came out monday morning .
eric church 's `` pledge allegiance to the hag '' was a fine throwback . keith urban 's powerhouse `` raise 'em up '' lived up to its title . reba mcentire showed the entire cowboys stadium -- and many younger singers who do n't have half her energy .
the 2015 rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in cleveland on saturday night . paul mccartney is there to honor ringo starr , and yoko ono is on hand as well . ono expressed feeling it was wonderful for starr to be honored , `` just sad john and george are n't here '' .
joss whedon is facing a lawsuit accusing him of stealing the idea for the 2012 meta-horror movie the cabin in the woods . whedon produced and co-wrote the script for cabin with director drew goddard , a writer on whedon 's `` buffy the vampire slayer '' and a fanboy favorite in his own right .
new line cinema is planning a mariah carey christmas movie . producer jonathan shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project with carey 's good friend director brett ratner co-producing . here are five reasons this movie has to happen : what is the christmas season without a little mariah ?
the pair will reprise their characters from 2010 's `` tron : legacy '' in the sequel , which is being directed by joseph kosinski . `` legacy '' was the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film that took place inside a computer world known as the grid and starred jeff bridges and bruce boxleitner .
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs . an officer apparently took his taser out and was prepared to use it on gray , but he never deployed it . none of the six officers involved in the arrest describe using force against the 25-year-old .
vatican says pope francis may add another leg to his trip to cuba this september . the possibility , which would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip , was first reported thursday by the wall street journal . francis , the first pontiff to hail from latin america , played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between cuba and the united states .
the deep reddish color caught seattle native tim durkan 's eye . the fires were started in southeastern siberia , by farmers burning grass in their fields . but on april 14 , it is believed that the flames quickly grew out of control because of strong winds and spread throughout the region .
amy 's kitchen recalls more than 70,000 cases of food due to fear of listeria contamination . the first step is to go to the food and drug administration 's website and find the official report for the recalled product you 're worried about . each report will list recalled items with their product codes , which are typically categorized by the universal product code .
arizona gov. doug ducey signed legislation to allow arizonans to get any lab test without a doctor 's order . freedom of information -- always sounds like a good thing . but there are many lab tests to order on yourself : medicare 's clinical diagnostic laboratory fee schedule lists over a thousand .
wang pingan neared the end of a two-wheel trek that covered thousands of miles through every major province in the vast country . despite police initially saying odds were stacked against the bike ever being recovered , shenzhen 's finest managed to track it down and return it . now , with 29,200 kilometers under his tires , wang can continue the final few days of his epic journey .
the indonesian government summoned the saudi ambassador to the foreign ministry on thursday after learning that 37-year-old karni bt . medi tarsim had been beheaded , without official warning . siti , 47 , was convicted of killing her employer 's wife in 1999 , but the death penalty was delayed until the youngest of the victim 's sons reached puberty .
prime minister tony abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds amid raucous cheers from onlookers . abbott was in a sydney pub on saturday evening when a group of australian rules football players invited him to have a drink with them .
conrad clitheroes , 54 , and gary cooper , 45 , were on a five-day visit to the uae from manchester when they were arrested . the three have been in jail since february 22 . no charges were filed , and the men will not face deportation .
six attackers were killed by cameroonian forces , a military spokesman said . the attackers came thursday `` in the hundreds ... torched dia village in the far north region , '' he said . dia is a village that borders lake chad and has been identified as a recruiting ground for boko haram .
al-shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school . of the fatalities , 142 were students at the university , and the rest were security forces and campus security . a reserve team was then sent by road , while the main commando team waited in nairobi for air transport , he said .
it 's not the first time a papal hand-me-down has gone for big bucks . the proceeds will go to a school in montevideo , uruguay . the motorcycle sold for $ 284,000 at auction , more than 10 times its normal sales price . the pope donated a harley-davidson that he was given to charity .
prince jan zylinski said britain 's membership of the european union means it is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants , many from impoverished eastern europe , into his `` small island '' nation . farage said he did not intend to cross swords with the prince .
italian monks have launched a crowdfunding project to raise 500,000 euros . the unesco-listed basilica of assisi , where st. frances ' tomb lies , is just the last of a series of national shames . if other nations had half as much of what we boast , they 'd make a much better job with it .
carlsberg city has been home to the famous carlsberg brewery since 1847 . prices range from just below copenhagen 's average $ 5,000 per square meter to about $ 12,000 -- well below other major european cities . the project has since attracted interest from all over the world .
miami-dade fire rescue battalion chief al cruz grew to be more than 10 times that within the next 24 hours . by monday night , the fire had burned nearly 2,000 acres and was 50 % contained . several fire units and a helicopter with the capacity to drop 400 gallons of water at a time were battling the blaze .
a small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of le borgne , west of cap-haitien , on wednesday night . it began to sail toward the island of providenciales in the turks and caicos when it was caught in bad weather , civil protection spokesman joseph edgar celestin said .
photographer andres figueroa chronicles these festivals , which attract about 200,000 people to some otherwise quiet mining towns in chile . he worked hard on cataloging and differentiating the ceremonies and their complex rituals -- at times playing the role of an artist , others as an anthropologist .
the book 's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies , barbara marcus , president and publisher of random house children 's books . the publisher also released to cnn a never-before-seen image from the new volume by dr. seuss , aka theodor geisel .
a finish line area that prohibits large bags , national guard members in full uniform giving some sense of security -- those are the most obvious , visible changes . with the luxury of some time and healing , the city has moved on . and it 's worth going back to highlight some of the more strategic lessons that came out of that weeklong tragedy .
former maryland gov. martin o'malley is intensifying his criticism of overwhelming democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton . clinton is a big fan of president obama 's health care law , but not so much of a booster when it comes to his presidential leadership style .
dzhokhar tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward . the sentencing phase begins tuesday , a day after this year 's edition of the landmark race . it is expected to last four weeks .
the 60-year-old australian was arrested in november last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis while executing a search warrant at his home in new zealand . rudd , who previously denied all allegations , made a surprise guilty plea tuesday before the trial began . he could face up to seven years in prison for the charge of threatening to kill .
iran has no problem reconciling its bad and contradictory behavior while we twist ourselves into knots over our tough choices . iran is about to try a u.s. citizen and washington post reporter and we have made a judgment that even while we protest , we will keep the nuclear issue separated not just from this case .
an estimated 50,000 americans are newly infected with hiv every year , and some 8 % are among injection drug users . the prevalence of acute hepatitis c among people under 30 rose from 36 % to 49 % in six years . the recent national spotlight on syringe services programs offers a critical opportunity for us to reignite a much-needed conversation .
erika langhart was working in washington and thinking about going to law school when she received a call from erika 's cell phone . her mom said she `` picked up the phone and answered it , ` hi schmoo , ca n't wait to see you ' -- and it was sean .
scientists found the species on the caribbean slopes of costa rica . it 's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly . you can see its internal organs from underneath . miss piggy was n't immediately available for comment . the last time a new glassfrog was found was back in 1973 .
lucis mendel epstein , 69 ; jay goldstein , 60 ; and binyamin stimler , 39 , were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping . the rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of jewish husbands to persuade them through torture .
defense lawyer james sultan laid it out for the massachusetts jury in closing arguments earlier tuesday . hernandez , the former new england patriots star , had no conceivable reason to kill a man who was his friend , his future brother-in-law and a reliable purveyor of the marijuana he chain-smoked .
james best , best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff rosco p. coltrane on tv 's `` the dukes of hazzard , '' died monday after a brief illness . best died in hospice in hickory , north carolina , of complications from pneumonia .
the aircraft went down overnight monday about 2 miles east of the central illinois regional airport in bloomington , mclean county sheriff 's office sgt. bill tate said . it was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft , which the national transportation safety board tweeted was a cessna 414 .
the bronze figure of comedian and area native lucille ball has elicited comparisons to a `` walking dead '' zombie and inspired the facebook campaign `` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue '' . poulin publicly apologized monday for his `` most unsettling sculpture '' in a letter to the hollywood reporter .
kenya and al-shabaab have dealt to the country since the 1998 bombing of the u.s. embassy in nairobi . but it was also yet another pave stone in the long path of violence between kenya and the somali militants . their attacks have notched up since 2008 .
khaled batarfi , a senior al qaeda figure , was among the escapees . dozens of attackers took control of government buildings . last month , hundreds of inmates escaped from al mansoorah central prison in aden after clashes between shiite houthi rebels and forces loyal to ousted sunni president abdu rabu mansour hadi .
the petition was started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir , so far has almost 5,500 signatures . it adds that `` uneducated padawan '' -- the novice jedis in george lucas ' `` star wars '' film franchise -- are moving to the dark side .
frances bean cobain is the daughter of nirvana singer-guitarist kurt cobain and an executive producer of the new hbo documentary on his life . she remembers providing research assistance on a cover about the jonas brothers -- and working in a cubicle across from a wall with a giant painting of kurt .
a shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the havoc of yemen , had at last landed in yemen 's capital , sanaa . the conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families , unicef said in a statement .
canadian fighter jets have carried out their first airstrike against isis in syria , hitting one of the sunni militant group 's garrisons . the cf-18 hornets bombed near isis ' de facto capital of raqqa , canada 's department of national defence said wednesday .
michael slager , 33 , has been fired , officials said wednesday . his wife is eight months ' pregnant and the city will continue paying for her medical insurance until the baby is born , north charleston mayor keith summey told reporters . slager was proficient with the nonlethal taser .
a quarter of a million australian homes and businesses have no power after a `` once in a decade '' storm battered sydney and nearby areas . about 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as `` the roads are cut off and we wo n't be able to reach them for a few days '' . the dangerous conditions have prompted the police department to issue pleas on social media for people to not attempt driving through flooded areas .
the complaint was filed by graham mccready , an accountant described in the new zealand press as a `` serial litigant '' who has previously launched private prosecutions against key . key publicly apologized to bailey , a waitress at his local cafe , for repeatedly tugging on her ponytail .
sammy griner , 8 , needs a little bit of that mojo to rub off on his family . justin 's wife and sammy 's mother created a gofundme campaign with a goal of $ 75,000 to help cover the medical expenses that go along with a kidney transplant .
sevdet besim , 18 , has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act , and was denied bail saturday . the other suspect , a 19-year-old , has not yet appeared in court . the suspects were targeting a ceremony on anzac day -lrb- australia and new zealand army corps day -rrb- , which is the centennial of the gallipoli campaign in world war i. abbott avoided the term isis .
aaron hernandez has pleaded not guilty to murder and two weapons charges , setting the stage for his trial in fall river , massachusetts , that began in january . he 's accused of orchestrating the shooting death of odin lloyd , a man who was dating the sister of the boston bandits 's fiancee .
britt mchenry spoke to that towing company employee that made me bring it up . one of the main things i preach to my girls , ages 7 and 9 , is the importance of respecting other people , no matter who you are and what you go on to accomplish . she has since apologized on twitter , saying `` some insulting and regrettable things '' .
a. alfred taubman was born january 31 , 1924 , in michigan to german jewish immigrants who hit hard times during the great depression . his first name was adolph , his father founded 65 years ago . in his autobiography , `` threshold resistance : the extraordinary career of a luxury retailing pioneer '' .
university of washington climate scientist and his associates have been studying the blob for months . the blob is a huge area of unusually warm water in the pacific -- and it 's not the only one ; there are two others that emerged in 2014 . waters in the blob have been warmer by about 5.5 degrees , a significant rise .
the royal institute of british architects -lrb- riba -rrb- is seeking the help of architects and designers the world over to secure its future well into the 21st century . the island is also only accessible by sea 60-days-a-year through the south atlantic ocean .
enoch gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight in the town of cottonwood , arizona . suspect david gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody . police say pepper spray was deployed and that at least three shots were fired in an apparent struggle for an officer 's gun .
the ottoman turks , having recently entered world war i on the side of germany and the austro-hungarian empire , were worried that armenians would offer wartime assistance to russia . some turkish leaders fear that acknowledgment of a genocide could lead to demands for huge reparations .
larry upright , a staunch republican , died monday at a north carolina hospital . his family made just two requests : please donate to a children 's hospital , and please do n't vote for clinton . `` in lieu of flowers , memorials may be sent to shriners hospital for children , '' his obituary reads .
clinton announced on sunday what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed white house bid . `` i 'm hitting the road to earn your vote , because it 's your time , '' clinton said in a video released sunday afternoon officially kicking off her campaign .
lewis hamilton took first place on the front row on the last lap . the german appeared upset as he left his car and refused to shake hamilton 's hand . kimi raikkonen will be looking for a repeat of ferrari 's performance in malaysia .
in 1975 , the cambodian capital of phnom penh fell to the genocidal khmer rouge regime of kampuchea . about 20,000 people died from execution , starvation or exhaustion during this exodus at gunpoint , according to war crimes prosecutors . the others were subjected to slave labor in rural camps once they reached their destination , where many met similar fates .
in villages in senegal and elsewhere across west africa , young men sell all they have in the hope of a better life in europe . from the horn of africa to the atlantic , from syria and gaza , these would-be migrants travel well-established smuggling routes .
the man was identified later as sid ahmed ghlam , french interior minister bernard cazeneuve told television broadcaster tf1 . ghlam was someone suspected of killing a 32-year-old woman hours earlier and who then intended to launch a larger-scale terror attack in the near future .
philippe braham was laid to rest in jerusalem 's givat shaul cemetery . her husband was one of 17 people killed in january 's terror attacks . french prime minister manuel valls announced after his weekly cabinet meeting that french authorities had foiled a terror plot .
mohammed abu khdeir 's name appeared this week on the wall at jerusalem 's mount herzl , the site of the national cemetery , as the nation prepared to mark its memorial day on wednesday . the nation 's social security administration wrote a letter to the national insurance institute of israel , which maintains the memorial site .
actress penelope cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to the popular 2001 film , ben stiller announced friday . stiller , who plays the title role of male model derek zoolander , dropped the news by sharing a photo of `` little penny '' cruz as a child and saying he was `` excited '' to welcome her to the cast .
saudi arabia had launched airstrikes on houthi positions across yemen , hoping to wipe out the iranian-allied rebel group that has overthrown the government and seized power . the saudis say they want to restore the yemeni government , a key u.s. ally in the fight against al qaeda , which was kicked out of the capital by the rebels earlier this year .
adam gadahn , a u.s. citizen who was abducted by al qaeda in pakistan in 2011 , died along with another hostage , italian giovanni lo porto , in the attack that killed farouq . gadahn was one of its most prominent members , given his many statements on behalf of the organization .
south korean investigators say they have proof the actual malicious codes used in the attacks . the 2013 attack , known as `` dark seoul , '' paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters . live footage of the breaches showed computer screens at the media companies completely down , while bank customers were unable to make withdrawals .
a number of politicians have officially announced their candidacies and the outline of their messages is starting to emerge . most of the mistakes will simply be blips along the way , but some of them might end up being more damaging if they feed into negative perceptions that voters have about the candidates . christie also promised to reverse the marijuana legalization laws that many states have been enacting in response to ballot initiatives .
the headstone of hillary clinton 's father , hugh rodham , was found tipped over this week . paul mcgloin said he 's tended to the grave site at the washburn street cemetery in scranton , pennsylvania , since rodham was buried there in 1993 .
kevin cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his reddit page . cave said when his family first arrived at omaha 's henry doorly zoo gorilla exhibit , he noticed one of the gorillas had a cut below his eye that was `` bleeding a little bit '' . kijoto is a 20-year-old western lowland gorilla , according to a release on the zoo 's website .
steve woolfenden pulled back the stroller 's cover and saw that his son , leo , 3 , was conscious but bleeding from the left side of his head . he testified before a federal jury thursday after attempting to convince jurors that tsarnaev was cold-hearted and remorseless .
the health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in a wwf report released thursday . the report is the result of a hard economic analysis performed by the global change institute of the university of queensland . the fact is that the ocean feeds us , employs us , offers protection and plays a direct role in the lives and livelihoods of people throughout the world .
iranian-saudi conflict by proxy has reached yemen in a spiral that both sides portray as climatic . saudi arabia 's actions are in defense of a retrogressive status quo order that is no longer tenable . both sides have good reasons to want to stop the yemeni crisis from spiraling out of control and evolving into an unwinnable war .
over 10,000 refugees were rescued off the coast of italy in the last week alone . many of the refugees involved in recent disasters come from italy 's former colonies in north and east africa . libya plays a central role in the current crisis as the main departure point for italy .
the 2015 national security strategy speaks to the importance of american-led partnerships , while the 2014 quadrennial defense review noted that we `` will rebalance our counterterrorism efforts toward greater emphasis on building partnership capacity '' . the united states is not where it needs to be and instead finds itself constantly responding to crises instead of heading them off .
vidarbha , in the eastern region of maharashtra , is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis . last year was a record year for cotton production , resulting in a glut of cotton on the world market . india produced 40 million bales of the fiber in 2013/14 crop year .
a skywest airlines flight made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york , on wednesday after a passenger lost consciousness . the passenger received medical attention before being released , according to marissa snow , spokeswoman for skywest . the faa later issued a statement that did not reference a pressurization problem .
the city known for its over-the-top mardi gras celebrations and incredible jazz fests -lrb- starting friday ! -rrb- did n't want its waiters and musicians to have to breathe smoke to do their jobs anymore . harrah 's new orleans and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban , and a hearing is scheduled in a month .
the 10 inmates , from australia , france , ghana , the philippines , brazil , nigeria and indonesia , had their petitions for clemency denied by president joko widodo in late 2014 . the executions were planned for earlier this year but were postponed after several inmates filed separate legal challenges .
comedian ricky gervais tweeted the photo with a question . in the past three days , his tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times . francis has appeared on the nbc sports network outdoor lifestyle show `` eye of the hunter '' and was the subject of an interview with hunting life in late march .
scott kelley , 50 , was taken into custody at the atlanta airport wednesday after arriving on a flight from costa rica , deputy u.s. marshal jamie berry said `` it was time to come home '' . the couple is accused of leaving new hampshire , kidnapping and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution .
the whale , named varvara , swam nearly 14,000 miles -lrb- 22,500 kilometers -rrb- . it left her primary feeding ground off russia 's sakhalin island to cross the pacific ocean and down the west coast of the united states to baja , mexico .
aaron hernandez , 25 , is being processed at the maximum-security massachusetts correctional institution-cedar junction in walpole , just a handful of miles from gillette stadium . he was sentenced to life without parole after correction officers evaluate him , he will be shipped to massachusetts ' flagship prison .
adrianne haslet-davis and her husband , adam davis , were standing near the finish line on the day of the boston marathon bombing . her feet were sore from wearing 4.5-inch heels . still , they walked to boylston street to watch the runners . the jury must decide whether bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , should live or die for what he has done .
five female activists were detained last month , family and friends of the women tell cnn . the women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted , attorney liang xiaojun said . the united states had urged china to free them , and the international community harshly criticized keeping the women in custody .
the white house will celebrate earth day and promote its work to fend off climate change , while strategically ignoring its largest tool to cut carbon emissions . this bias is created by how environmental protection agency credits nuclear power in its models of both current emissions and plan implementation . epa assumes that the nuclear industry is essentially phased out by 2050 .
in about five years , so many young americans will be grossly overweight that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers . maj , gen. allen batschelet , who is in charge of u.s. army recruiting command , told me , `` is becoming a national security issue '' .
the samoas -lrb- now called `` caramel delites '' -rrb- are delicious . but as a physician who is passionate about health promotion , i politely tell the girls , `` no , thanks '' . thin mints , the most popular cookie , contains refined white flour , sugar , partially hydrogenated oil , and high fructose corn syrup .
mchenry found herself in the news , rather than reporting on it , after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in arlington , virginia . among the highlights , as caught on tape and eventually uploaded to liveleak : `` i 'm on television and you 're in a f**king trailer , honey , '' and `` i would n't work at a scumbag place like this . makes my skin crawl even being here ''
in south carolina earlier this month , walter scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $ 18,000 in unpaid child support . but failure to pay child support is not a crime either , though states do criminalize it . deadbeat and absent dads are one of the most serious and often overlooked threats to our collective well-being today .
a female businesswoman in texas , hillary clinton should n't be president because her hormones might make her so irrational she 'll start an unnecessary war . if rios is concerned about hormones impacting decisions in the oval office , she 'd be better off worrying about the male candidates for president .
in his interview with tom friedman , obama explained u.s. foreign policy moves on iran and cuba , which friedman described as the `` obama doctrine '' . by capabilities , the president must mean the tools , whether diplomatic , economic or military , to protect and defend u. interests .
robert bates , 73 , shot and killed a man while playing cops and robbers with real police . bates was a reserve deputy sheriff , which allowed him to `` work full time jobs in the community and volunteer ... time in a myriad of events such as the special olympics and tulsa state fair '' .
a video announcement/campaign ad/short film that debuted sunday afternoon -- that she will make women and being a woman central to her outreach . there are 38 people besides clinton in the two-minute ad . twenty of them are women . this is all fine and good -lrb- and predictable -rrb- if you acknowledge that the proportion of women who vote in every presidential election since 1980 .
marco rubio was a member of the senate `` gang of 8 '' that crafted a bipartisan proposal for comprehensive reform , including a path to citizenship for the nation 's estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants . rubio has been his own worst enemy on what could have been his two signature issues : immigration reform and cuba relations .
` this morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred , ' his sister madylin sweeten said in a statement passed on by her manager dino may . sweeten , best known for his role geoffrey barone , was visiting family in texas , entertainment industry magazine hollywood reporter reported .
the nfl launched an investigation into the patriots to determine why 11 of the 12 game balls they provided for the afc championship game were underinflated . the league hired attorney ted wells to run the investigation . three months later , it 's still not clear when the investigation will be completed .
police said thursday that there was no sign of forced entry to a building in the heart of london 's jewelry district . the thieves disabled the elevator on the second floor of the building -- which would be the same as the third floor in the united states -- then climbed down the elevator shaft into the basement .
london 's southern monitoring alarm company called the metropolitan police service , also known as scotland yard , at 12:21 a.m. april 3 to report that the burglar alarm had been activated at hatton garden safe deposit ltd . the theft was so big that police have n't come up with a value for what was stolen .
the 42-year-old actress and star of the hit tv sitcom `` modern family '' split from businessman nick loeb in may 2014 . loeb is suing the colombian-born actress in los angeles to prevent vergara from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization in november 2013 .
in 2010 , a final cement seal of an oil well in the gulf of mexico failed , causing what has been called the worst environmental disaster in u.s. history . for 87 straight days , oil and methane gas spewed from an uncapped wellhead , 1 mile below the surface of the ocean . a judge ruled bp was responsible for the release of 3.1 million barrels .
kenyan police have arrested five suspects in connection with thursday 's attack at garissa university college . the attack left 104 people injured , including 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel . during search and recovery efforts on friday , cnn witnessed one male who was not a student hiding under a bed .
one of the raids targeted the alleged terrorist cell 's headquarters on the island of sardinia . one was apprehended on a flight from italy to pakistan while carrying 55,000 euros , or nearly $ 60,000 , police said . the suspects had been under surveillance for years , some as far back as 2005 .
the outfit , a gray two-piece ensemble , was sold at an auction in beverly hills , california , on saturday . it was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of `` gone with the wind '' memorabilia on sale in the auction . tumblin said he came across the scarlett o'hara dress in the early 1960s while doing some research at a costume company .
in zaria , a city in northern nigeria , a team of students from the ahmadu bello university are currently applying the final touches to the `` abucar 2 '' . their compact creation , which was built over five months , will travel to the netherlands in may to compete in the european leg of this year 's shell eco-marathon .
ashish thakkar started small with a little computer shop that kept him busy after leaving school at 15 . the ugandan tycoon raised $ 325 million through a share flotation - well above the $ 250 million target . his mara group spans over 20 countries and he 's been called `` africa 's youngest billionaire '' .
brazilian police arrested joao vaccari neto at his home in sao paulo . vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering . former executives who have turned state 's evidence claim that construction companies paid large sums to petrobras officials and politicians in order to secure lucrative contracts with the oil giant .
hillary clinton 's online declaration for president means the focus will now shift to the campaign and what kind of president she might be . should she win , clinton will add to her potential `` firsts '' : first woman president ; the first secretary of state to become president since james buchanan .
the president is headed to panama for a regional summit . julie pace of the associated press reports one of the big questions is whether he 'll make history and have a face-to-face meeting with cuban leader raul castro . hillary clinton has leased her headquarters space in brooklyn and will soon make her presidential campaign official .
chile 's calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours , the country 's national geology and mining service said early thursday . about 23 1/2 inches -lrb- 60 centimeters -rrb- of ash fell in some places , according to the ministry of interior and public safety .
korean-american bryan do came to seoul to work for a south korean company . drinking is such a big part of korean life that seoul traffic is said to correspond with the city 's drinking culture . koreans use foreignness as an excuse to bow out of the action only goes so far .
mike pence issued an order in march for scott county , which then had 79 confirmed cases of hiv since mid-december . officials expect more cases as more individuals are tested , particularly because it can take up to three months for hiv to appear in a person 's system after initial infection .
in the 1980s and 1990s , congress chose to adopt laws that drastically changed the way our country handled nonviolent drug crimes . the american prison population has increased by nearly 800 % over the past decade , and nearly three fourths of this population is comprised of nonviolent offenders . we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens .
jake tapper will take over the program in june ; he 'll remain the channel 's chief washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast `` the lead '' . among his peers , tapper is seen as an authority on politics , something a program like `` state of the union '' demands .
saudi airstrikes targeted rebel houthi militant positions in three parts of sanaa , two yemeni defense ministry officials said . the strikes caused no casualties , but did destroy all three military compounds that were targeted , they said . saudi arabia announced the end of its operation decisive storm on tuesday .
the frantic 911 call came just as the alaska airlines flight had taken off from seattle-tacoma international airport on monday afternoon . the pilot radioed air traffic control and said he would make an emergency landing . he 'll no longer have the option of dozing aboard one of the airline 's planes .
the united states is urging china to release five young feminists who face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality . authorities detained the women in three cities -- beijing , guangzhou and hangzhou -- a few days ahead of events planned for international women 's day on march 8 . `` each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment and the many other injustices that millions of women and girls suffer around the world , '' u.s. secretary of state
the washington post columnist dismissed her launch video as a `` relentlessly , insultingly vapid '' effort of `` demographic box-checking '' . since the media will likely be the stand-in primary opponent for hillary , their belief in her authenticity is a critical factor in whether she can reframe herself in voter 's eyes .
this year is the time and the united nations ' international climate negotiations in paris in december are the place to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions . this common-sense and achievable plan to decarbonize the u.s. economy will result in significant cost savings from cleaner technologies .
ahmed farouq was the deputy emir of al qaeda in the indian subcontinent , or aqis , a branch of the islamist extremist group that formed in recent years . hasan is the u.s. army psychiatrist sentenced to death for killing 13 people at fort hood , texas .
kagoshima district court found no `` irrationalities '' in new safety standards set out by the government in the wake of the 2011 fukushima meltdowns . the ruling could provide a fillip to the government 's plans to bring japanese nuclear reactors back into operation , more than four years since the earthquake .
sissa abu dahou was forced to fend for herself in egypt 's patriarchal south , where it was unheard of for women to earn their own living . the breadwinner worked as a brick maker for just 25 piasters , the equivalent of a few cents , until she saved up enough money to buy a shoeshine kit .
the clown prince of crime will appear in 2016 's `` suicide squad '' . the first movie featuring the best-known comic book villain , where -lrb- as far as we know anyway -rrb- , there is no batman present . the movie hits theaters august 5 , 2016 .
the massachusetts senator has publicly criticized so-called `` fast track '' trade authority that would allow the white house to negotiate massive , multination trade deals with little congressional oversight . the authority would pave the way for trade pacts such as the trans-pacific partnership , which is modeled on the north american free trade agreement .
dzhokhar tsarnaev 's killing was `` heinous , cruel and depraved '' . he placed a bomb in a crowd , set it to kill and maim children and adults indiscriminately -- if that 's not heinous , depraved , what is ? prosecutors have listed , as they must , the aggravating circumstances that make this horrific mass murderer deserve the harshest punishment .
` the dark knight returns ' is widely credited for resurrecting batman in pop culture . now popular comic book writer frank miller is returning to his best-known story . this third chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall . miller will be joined by acclaimed artist brian azzarello .
georgia southern university was in mourning after five nursing students were killed the day before in a multivehicle wreck near savannah . fellow nursing students brittney mcdaniel and megan richards were injured as was another person , who was not identified by the georgia state patrol .
molly schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks , three baked potatoes , three rolls and three shrimp cocktails -- far outpacing her heftier rivals . the nebraska native , 35 , is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit and once gobbled 363 chicken wings in 30 minutes .
the jury foreperson announced the first-degree murder conviction in the 2013 shooting death of hernandez 's onetime friend odin lloyd . strachan said she was struck by the viciousness of multiple gunshots . before the trial , at least one juror rosalie oliver had n't heard of the 25-year-old defendant who has now gone from a $ 40 million pro-football contract to a term of life without parole in a maximum-security prison .
warren weinstein , 73 , appears to have been the only american citizen held hostage by al qaeda , was accidentally killed in a u.s. drone strike in january . but it did n't have to be that way . a senior pakistani official told cnn that weinstein 's capture made it hard for the united states to negotiate .
a third of americans use some form of alternative medicine because they find western medicine inadequate . creams such as arnicare for pain relief or liquids such as sidda flower essences for male virility are part of a $ 2.9 billion business that has seen `` explosive growth '' .
almost 2 1/2 million americans are in prison . most disturbingly , nearly 40 % of our country 's prisoners are african-americans , who only make up 13 % of the general population . we must start by asking a simple question : why are so many americans criminals ?
in 1962 , president kennedy described the space program that he had first announced when he asked the congress to support his ambitious goal of landing a man on the moon before the end of the decade . many of our elected representatives persist in inaction and complacency by arguing that individual nations are powerless to solve the problem because every nation is culpable .
larry johnson was flying with his brother , his girlfriend and his 8-month-old son when he says a flight attendant came over the speaker asking for someone who was medically trained to help with a sick passenger . minutes later , the attendant announced there was a pressurization problem and told passengers to prepare for the emergency landing .
in 2012 , the captors began demanding prisoners be released in exchange for weinstein , most prominently dr. aafia siddiqui of pakistan . she has been described as the `` poster girl '' for islamic jihad and is serving an 86-year sentence in the united states .
the cases have all occurred in nigeria 's ondo state since april 13 , health officials said sunday . the disease does not appear to be contagious , he said . symptoms include headaches , blurred vision , loss of sight and unconsciousness . some suspect it may be the result of locally brewed alcohol .
the sprightly Šprajc wears the weathered face of a man who has spent 60 years beneath a hot sun at excavations . he spotted in aerial photographs from his office among the baroque mitteleuropean cobbled streets of ljubljana , slovenia .
russian presidential aide yuri ushakov said wednesday that kim will be in the russian capital for may 9 victory day celebrations . kim 's trip has been anticipated since late december , when russian state media reported that moscow had extended an invitation to pyongyang . but wednesday 's tass report is the first public confirmation attached to a named official .
australia is at saturation point with battlefield remembrance . beer advertising , political grandstanding and opportunistic marketing suggests that the historical legacy of australia 's involvement in the first world war boils down to a simple equation . the unassailable fact is that the great war itself was divisive , a historical reality belied by today 's bland , blanket coverage of `` the anzac spirit '' .
the native of the sicilian city of palermo died along with a fellow al qaeda hostage , american warren weinstein . lo porto grew up in sicily and then studied at london metropolitan university , getting his undergraduate degree there in peace and conflict studies in 2010 .
netanyahu made the request at president reuven rivlin 's jerusalem home monday . netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days , according to israeli law . last month , netanyahu snared 30 of the 120 seats in the knesset , israel 's parliament , giving its leaders the first chance at forming a coalition government .
sandra mackey was an undercover reporter working for u.s. newspapers from saudi arabia as her husband , dr. dan mackey , worked in a riyadh hospital . for four years , she hid her writing from the authorities and smuggled her stories out of the country to get around saudi 's prohibition on foreign journalists .
earthquakes are a fact of life in the south asian country , with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year , geologist and science journalist kate ravilious said . in a landlocked country like nepal , where infrastructure is fragile to begin with , the consequences of such an earthquake had the potential to be `` much more serious '' .
the investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works . no arrests have been made . the transportation security administration alerted local law enforcement agencies that are responsible for external security around airports . some cities around the united states have increased their security as a precaution .
jimi hendrix , street art , and talking politics was not supposed to get her killed . but in pakistan , free speech is dangerous , and mahmud 's exuberant exercise of it made her stick out nationwide . two gunman shot her dead at point-blank range late friday after she locked up the second floor cafe in karachi for the night .
patrick dempsey 's performance shaped derek in a way that i know we both hope became a meaningful example of what young women should demand from modern love . dempsey still has a year left on his contract . his character 's death leaves his tv wife , dr. meredith grey -lrb- ellen pompeo -rrb- as the show 's mainstay as it concludes its 11th season in may .
aaron hernandez , 25 , walked into court with an air of bravado , his head held high like the $ 40 million , nfl superstar he was just a couple of years ago . several times he was even caught winking at his fiancee , shayanna jenkins , during the trial .
fadime gurgen dismisses the controversy surrounding the 100th anniversary of the massacre of armenians under the ottoman empire . ninety-one percent of turks do not believe that the events of 1915 were genocide , according to armenian government . it 's a sentiment shared by the turkish government , which denies that a genocide took place .
fethiye cetin was a strong proponent of reconciliation between turks and armenians who was tried for `` insulting turkishness '' . he was assassinated in 2007 . heranus and her family were among a massive stream of women and children being forcibly marched by ottoman soldiers .
the decimation of our people , too , was reduced to a footnote . most of the time , though , the coverage was about how armenians and turks hate each other like cats and dogs . the turks continue to deny that ethnic cleansing occurred , saying the leaders had no choice but to deport them from their homes and put them on the road that led to their deaths .
mayfair , kensington and chelsea have long been the stomping ground of the elite . these investors are having a considerable impact on london 's property market . they mainly come from just six countries : nigeria , ghana , congo , gabon , cameroon and senegal .
former olympic champion bruce jenner told abc 's diane sawyer and the world on friday night that `` yes , for all intents and purposes , i 'm a woman '' . paparazzi have been stalking the former champion for months , breathlessly documenting his increasingly feminine appearance down to his lip gloss , pierced ears and french manicure .
fritz bauer , the german-jewish attorney general of hessen , expressed the simple hope that `` sooner or later , one of the accused would step forward '' . then the entire world would exhale , as would all the survivors of those killed at auschwitz , and the air would be cleared .
cnn 's richard roth asks about a sweet tradition that 's leaving some with a bitter taste . the use of marijuana has long been a source of humor . many climate scientists believe that an increase of 2 degrees celsius in the global average temperature could be the tipping point for climate change .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn roll call .
protesters have vowed they 'll keep taking to the streets until they get justice . but it seems like the questions in the controversial case just keep growing . police say when gray saw police on april 12 , he started running . within minutes , they caught up with him and arrested him after finding a knife in his pocket .
a 14-year-old boy was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an australian parade honoring the war dead and urging the beheading of `` someone in australia '' . the teenager , arrested in blackburn , lancashire , was not named `` because of legal reasons '' .
nepal has also made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years . while casualty accounts following the magnitude-7 .8 quake saturday are still difficult to confirm -- hardly surprising considering that communication lines have been severely disrupted -- estimates we are hearing from the ground are already placing the number lost in the thousands .
danielle busby delivered all five girls at the woman 's hospital of texas via c-section at 28 weeks and two days , according to cnn affiliate kprc . the babies are named ava lane , hazel grace , olivia marie , parker kate and riley paige .
dr. mark caruso is one of more than 44 million americans who is taking part in a medical ritual . vega , a strapping man with a thick black beard , is feeling good , but he came to see the doctor today because his wife thought he should . it is free to him under his insurance policy with no co-pay , as most preventive care is under the affordable care act .
the fda issued guidance that if significant changes are made to a product 's label , like color or a logo , the product requires new approval from the administration . the suit , filed in u.s. district court in washington , argues that those guidelines go too far and are too vague .
the file sharing website is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video `` me at the zoo '' was uploaded on april 23 , 2005 by one of the site 's founders . in 2015 , youtube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in `` youtube spaces , '' like the one in tokyo .
` the eureka factor ' explores the influences at work behind that much sought-after `` aha ! '' moment . research suggests that in trying to conjure up inspiration , most of us end up suppressing it . the book explains how to clear out mental junk , in order to make way for pivotal revelations .
the hashtag #kyliejennerchallenge has been trending on twitter in recent days with posters showing off the often disturbing results of their efforts . many were people who 'd tried it . others were just shaking their heads . surgeon dr. dendy says the nets say you should stick your lips in a shot glass , suck all the air out and then pull it off to reveal your all-new plump kisser .
richard corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke , according to a tribute on time 's website . his all-time top 100 movies list , which he compiled with fellow time critic richard schickel , contained everything from `` pulp fiction '' to `` finding nemo '' to jackie chan 's `` drunken master ii '' .
robert downey jr. walked out on an interview , his co-stars chris evans and jeremy renner found themselves in hot water wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview . by thursday , both actors apologized , but thoughts on renner were mixed .
geoffrey lewis , a prolific character actor who appeared opposite frequent collaborator clint eastwood as his pal orville boggs in `` every which way but loose '' has died . he began his long association with eastwood in `` high plains drifter '' -lrb- 1973 -rrb- . he also appeared with the actor in `` thunderbolt and lightfoot '' .
the show focuses on attorney matt murdock , who was blinded as a child , as he fights injustice by day using the law . by night , he continues the fight , becoming the superhero daredevil and using his powers to protect the new york neighborhood of hell 's kitchen . `` daredevil '' is just one of four series that the disney-owned marvel has committed to airing on netflix .
david ayer is directing the feature , which already boasts actors jared leto as the joker , will smith as deadshot and margot robbie as harley quinn . there will also possibly be cameos of jesse eisenberg who plays lex luthor and ben affleck as batman in `` batman v superman : dawn of justice '' .
fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic to be directed , executive-produced and choreographed by kenneth ortega . the project , tentatively titled `` the rocky horror picture show event , '' is casting-contingent . the special will be produced by fox 21 television studios , and berman 's the jackal group .
alice barker , 102 , was a dancer in such new york nightspots as the cotton club and the cafe zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s . her photographs and memorabilia had all been lost over the years . she said : `` it 's just fabulous '' .
dga quarterly theorists now have a little more to chew on . show creator david chase went through the famous final scene for dga quarterly and revealed the reasoning behind each shot . ` sopranos ' ending ? let it be . for those who do n't recall the finale , which aired in june 2007 .
the tulsa county sheriff 's office concluded that reserve deputy robert bates was shown special treatment and that training policies were violated regarding his role with the agency . bates is the volunteer deputy who fatally shot suspect eric harris instead of stunning him with a taser on april 2 .
the chase , which took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the hudson river , ended with `` snipers '' from the animals ' farm gunning down the buffalo from the side of the road . the bull of the heard weighed over 1,300 pounds and a collision with a car could easily have been fatal .
benjamin mcnamee , 25 ; aaron golson , 22 ; and darryl cearnel , 28 , will be sentenced june 26 . champion , 26 , died in november 2011 after a band hazing ritual in which he was beaten aboard a school bus after a football game in orlando , florida .
cathay pacific was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from london to hong kong after one of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage . the pilot , who has not been identified , was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on saturday night .
the american who was in nepal for trekking and meditation was in his hotel room when the quake struck . he took a series of photos on the main road between thamal and durbar squares , that he shared via cnn ireport . joshi is a unicef communication officer who was on the ground at the time of the quake .
korea 's buddae-jjigae -- or `` army stew '' as it 's often called -- dates back to the scarce years of the korean war when local cooks had to get inventive with u.s. army rations . while jiigae can refer to any variety of stews , this particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned , precooked meat .
the tsa 's aviation security advisory committee said that full employee screening would not `` appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection '' . full physical screening of employees also `` is incapable of determining a person 's motivations , attitudes and capabilities to cause harm , among other limitations '' . only two major airports in the u.s. -- miami and orlando -- require employees to be screened through metal detectors .
the revised policy comes in response to a june ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the fifth amendment 's guarantee of due process . but the aclu is n't satisfied with the government 's new policy , outlined in documents filed monday in federal courts in oregon and virginia .
betty whitehead willis , the designer of the iconic `` welcome to fabulous las vegas '' sign , died over the weekend . the neon museum also credits her with designing the signs for moulin rouge hotel and blue angel motel . today it can be found on everything from t-shirts to refrigerator magnets .
amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company , snapped the lucky shot . in rural china , hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes . rdj grew increasingly agitated as a channel 4 interviewer from the uk asked about his private life on tuesday . the prom-poser accuses administrators of racism .
anthony doerr 's `` all the light we can not see , '' a novel centered on the world war ii bombing of st.-malo , france , and two characters on opposite sides of the war . it 's his second novel and fourth work of fiction , including two short story collections .
melissa atkins wardy , author of `` redefining girly '' and a passionate advocate for fighting gender stereotypes , heard from a frustrated mom on facebook . she told how the mom , veronica of richland , washington , wanted to buy `` big hero 6 '' fabric to make pillows for her two children .
i am horrified by the story of lot in genesis , lot and the destruction of sodom and gomorrah was new to me . i actually had n't put two and two together that sodom is the origin of the word sodomy . lot is visited by divine emissaries to investigate if there are enough good people to save the town .
author anarie kennedy was series adviser and one of many on-camera experts on cnn 's `` finding jesus '' facebook page during the season finale about mary magdalene . there are two other fragments of the gospel of mary , both in greek , and both dating from the third century .
the fast food romance was many years in the making . burger , now 24 , and king , 23 , met in kindergarten and grew up together in new berlin . in fifth grade , classmates joel burger and ashley king were asked to stand as student council representatives during an assembly with a motivational speaker .
vijay chokal-ingam is pitching a book about his experiences as a `` hard-partying college frat boy '' . he says he hatched the plan in 1998 after realizing his grades were n't going to be good enough to get into med school as an indian-american .
kinnelon police officers mark ehrenburg and ricky ferriola cut the seat belt from her , then dragged the woman 's limp body away from the crash to start emergency medical care . not a minute later , flames licked out of the car . all three were lucky to escape the flames .
in 2008 , obama promised to use the word `` genocide '' to describe the 1915 massacre by turks of armenians -- a pledge he made when seeking armenian-american votes . back then , he held up his willingness to call it a `` genocide , '' as an example of why he was the kind of truth-telling candidate the nation needed .
climate experts say we risk fundamentally changing life on this planet if we do cross that 2-degree mark . gernot wagner , lead senior economist at the environmental defense fund and co-author of the book `` climate shock '' . think super droughts , rising seas and mass extinctions .
in ohio , we have been able to drive meaningful change on many thorny issues that have held our state back in the past -- social services , criminal justice , economic competiveness , infrastructure , and i 've enjoyed sharing our state 's winning formula with others in my travels . we 've gone from losing 350,000 private-sector jobs to creating about 340,000 new ones .
how can the people in iowa and new hampshire get to know the `` real hillary '' and make her seem like less of a big shot ? same questions , that the staff asked in 2008 when she ran against the newbie barack obama , and same questions they asked when .
a new cnn/orc poll finds 57 % feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples . 41 % say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons . apple , walmart and the ncaa all spoke out against the law , while some states and cities with democratic leaders barred spending public money in indiana .
nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution . in other words , there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification , according to a spokesperson for the attorney general 's office . meanwhile , a lawyer acting for philippines maid mary jane veloso said her execution will take place on tuesday , april 28 .
` the big bang theory , '' thursday 8 p.m. et , cbs . sheldon and leonard 's moms are back , and that ought to make for one of the best episodes this season . tv 's top comedy will see the return of christine baranski and laurie metcalf .
dr. kristen lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby 's head and posted a proud photo this week on facebook of herself smiling . `` my first bow kill , lol . psshh . like someone would get rid of me . i 'm awesome ! '' that prediction was wrong .
more than 100 sailboats took part in the dauphin island race and as many as 50 people in all were rescued from the water . coast guard sector mobile received a report at approximately 4:30 p.m. that a sailing regatta in mobile bay had been struck by severe weather .
the devastating earthquake that hit nepal on saturday set off avalanches that left large numbers of climbers dead , missing or trapped on mount everest . aftershocks , including a strong one sunday , are continuing to send snow and rocks thundering down the mountainside , complicating rescue efforts .
the cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $ 1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $ 11,000 on the secondary market . kenny bayless has been named as the referee of next month 's fight between mayweather and pacquiao .
st. louis police have charged ronald williams , 21 , with assault . a 15-year-old has also been arrested , according to authorities . the beating , which occurred on a metrolink light rail train , was caught on surveillance cameras and a passenger 's cell phone camera .
kathmandu , nepal 's historic landmarks , is visually stark , with people in the streets puddled with water , especially around the edges of the tent . there 's some damage to houses and buildings , but it 's not as visual as the haiti earthquake -lrb- of 2010 -rrb- .
jon `` bones '' jones is wanted for `` his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident '' sunday morning . a pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident . jones , 27 , is arguably ufc 's biggest star in the sport 's most respected weight class .
photographs obtained by cnn from an attendee at a village funeral in cheng ` an county in hebei province show mourners of all ages , including children , watching the performance . in some areas of china , the hiring of professional mourners , known as `` kusangren '' is commonplace .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted this month of all 30 counts against him ; 17 of those counts carry the death penalty for the murders of four . attorney david bruck told jurors there are only two punishments for them to choose from : death , or life in prison without any possibility of parole .
in the past few days , news came in that 20 new dots needed to be scratched in -- for the 20 friends who 'd drowned off the shores of italy . ali addeh refugee camp has been a holding point for those fleeing into djibouti , which borders eritrea , ethiopia and somalia in the horn of africa .
warren weinstein , 73 , was abducted in 2011 from his home in lahore , parkistan . he was a contractor for the u.s. agency for international development from 2004 to 2011 . his wife elaine weinstein said she was still searching for answers thursday after officials revealed his case .
a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued , according to the italian coast guard . the group fears 400 migrants could be missing , citing testimony from survivors who said their ship carrying 550 people capsized in the mediterranean sea . an operation that included boats and planes did not find any survivors , nor bodies , nor any evidence to indicate a particular boat capsized .
the mad rush of 24 hours previously , in those first confusing , cacophonous hours following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake near the nepali capital . now , families sit , camped out , silent and patiently waiting , but for now abandoned . at the airport , at passport control , we meet a nepalese man , who is unable to contact his family .
on monday , shooting suspect james holmes goes on trial for 165 counts , including murder and attempted murder . he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . it 's a moment that will be a painful next step toward healing and one that will no doubt bring back a flood of painful memories .
no arrests have been made , police spokeswoman elizabeth espy said . officers were called to a parking lot in atlanta 's buckhead neighborhood . they arrived at 3:25 a.m. and located two tour buses that had been shot multiple times . witnesses provided a limited description of the two vehicles suspected to be involved : a `` corvette style vehicle '' and an suv .
india began planning a massive cross-border aid mission within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake . the scale of the devastation in nepal became clearer -- some 3,862 people are known to have died so far . plans in india , where 72 people were also killed , got bigger .
freddie gray 's family had asked there be quiet on baltimore 's streets the day they laid him to rest . but a handful of people repeated the family 's message . they became criers in the desert against countless young people flinging rocks at police , breaking windows , looting and setting fires .
the woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd , smacking him in the head repeatedly , and screaming at him . as he tries to walk away , she follows him , screaming , `` get the f -- over here ! '' eventually , he turns toward her , his face no longer covered . police commissioner anthony batts thanked her in remarks to the media .
irwin horwitz , an instructional associate professor in the university 's department of maritime administration , told cnn affiliate kprc that he had finally reached a breaking point . horwitz said that students spread hurtful rumors about him , his wife and colleagues , and that he felt the need for police protection in class .
arthur baldwin , 29 , was arrested at a woman 's residence in southeast washington . he has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended , the secret service said . baldwin is assigned to the foreign missions branch , according to u.s. secret service spokesman brian leary .
more than 4,600 people have been killed in nepal . one million children urgently in need of help . some of the grim figures are likely to get even worse as hopes of rescuing any more survivors diminish every hour . quake relief efforts continued tuesday , but officials warned that they were hampered by problems of getting aid into the country .
the main highway that heads east out of kathmandu shows massive cracks , the force of saturday 's huge tremor . one lane is bisected by gaping , half-meter -lrb- 1.5 feet -rrb- fissures . they 've been filled in with rubble and dirt , allowing passage for those desperate to reach their families in outlying districts .
nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women tuesday in the sambisa forest , a high-ranking nigerian army official said . the official did not rule out that captives from other boko haram camps that were raided might be girls abducted in april 2014 from a school in chibok .
the nepali pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7 earthquake broke out . the team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets , surveying destruction to homes and historic sites . for their next prank based on nepal 's ban on plastic bags , ashish prasai and akash sedai were in jawalakhel , sedai said in an email to cnn .
south korean prime minister lee wan-koo will stay in his official role until south korean president park geun-hye accepts his resignation . sung , who was under investigation for fraud and bribery , left a note listing names and amounts of cash given to top officials , including those who work for the president .
robert downey jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a british journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie downey was there to promote . the journalist instead started asking personal questions about the actor 's political beliefs and `` dark periods '' of addiction and jail time .
sonit awal was at home in muldhoka , bhaktapur , east of the capital kathmandu , when the 7.8-magnitude quake sent tremors through nepal and neighboring countries . the house collapsed , burying the child , leaving his father shyam awal frantically searching for him amid the rubble .
sen. bernie sanders of vermont could make an announcement within days , adding a populist voice to a democratic race that starts with clinton as the overwhelming favorite . sanders has been exploring a run for months , and was a hit this weekend at a big south carolina democratic event .
the 10 were arrested in swat , a district of pakistan 's khyber pakhtunkhwa province , judge mohammad amin kundi . that was nearly two years after the then 15-year-old yousafzai was shot as she was traveling home on a school bus .
residents in this remote village , about a 44km drive from nepal 's capital , kathmandu , stand on the distinctive steeply terraced hillsides and wave furiously . the mission , a joint effort between indian air crew and a nepalese army medical team , is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village since saturday 's 7.8-magnitude quake .
a majority of nepalese , indian and chinese residents have not been heard from since the catastrophe . technology has played a huge role in helping families share their worries , ask for help and search for their missing loved ones . several organizations , such as google and the red cross , have published features about the missing on their websites .
the executions of chan and sukumaran early wednesday morning will be a different story . those sympathetic to the dilemma faced by indonesia 's president joko widodo will argue that he was politically bound to allow the executions to take place . he ran on a robust anti-drug campaign , arguing that 18,000 indonesians die from illicit drugs each year .
australia 's actions raise more general questions about the powers we give to states . we can give no more significant power to another human being than to decide who lives or who dies . widodo -- popularly known as jokowi -- is fulfilling his promise to crack down on what he and many other indonesians see as a problem .
the state 's attorney 's decision on whether to file charges against the six officers involved in the arrest will not be immediate . no reports will be made public , police commissioner anthony batts said , echoing an assertion he made last week that even after the prosecutors receive the files , the task force assigned to gray 's death will continue investigating .
german prosecutors and police said that a man and a woman had been arrested in the frankfurt-area town of oberursel on suspicion of planning a boston-style attack . the suspected target , according to florian flade , the terrorism researcher , was a race planned for friday .
pemba tamang , 15 , was wearing a new york shirt and a blue neck brace . he was blanketed by dust and had the look of a deer in the headlights . his rescuer , inspector lakshman basnet of the nepalese armed police force , said tamang was responsive and showed no apparent signs of serious injury .
baltimore city state 's attorney marilyn mosby said prosecutors in the hardscrabble town had the `` toughest job in america '' . mosby , who took over her first elected post in january , now faces what is likely to be the toughest case of her nascent career .
kim bok-dong was a 14-year-old girl when the japanese came to her village in korea . she says they told her she had no choice but to leave her home and family to support the war effort by working at a sewing factory . often they were so close to the front lines , they could hear the battles of world war two happening all around them .
the walkout occurred wednesday on the set of `` the ridiculous six '' near las vegas , new mexico , according to the indian country today media network . the script called for native women 's names such as `` beaver 's breath '' and `` no bra '' and an actress portraying an apache woman to squat and urinate while smoking a peace pipe .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe is scheduled to speak wednesday to a joint meeting of congress . the address marks the first time in history that the head of the japanese government will address the entire u.s.-japan relationship . the tpp is a potentially massive free trade agreement involving the united states , japan and 10 other pacific-facing nations .
a group of fighters in afghanistan agreed to be filmed by a cnn cameraman parading their isis flags in a valley not far to the south of kabul . the rise of isis is an issue that the afghan president , ashraf ghani , has termed a `` terrible threat '' .
gabriel salvador was the one serving up a mouthwatering opportunity that had nothing to do with the shrimp diavolo . instead , he was offering moonves an `` in '' to the most coveted match-up in boxing : floyd mayweather vs. manny pacquiao .
tammy cotman , sharon davis-williams and michael pitts also were ordered thursday to serve seven years on probation , pay $ 10,000 fines and work 2,000 hours in community service . baxter had come under fire from some community leaders for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators who stood trial and were convicted of racketeering .
olivia munn will play betsy braddock in the follow-up to `` x-men : days of future past '' . the comic book 's psylocke was created by chris claremont and herb trimpe for the british `` captain britain '' series .
the new color will be worn by majors , district commanders , deputy chiefs , assistant chiefs and the chief of police . some studies have shown that while any police uniform is usually perceived by the public as a sign of authority , lighter-colored uniforms should be viewed as the final point of contact to the police department .
tarsis mboma thale has a small business selling t-shirts in johannesburg , south africa . the congolese immigrant fears he 'll be attacked if he goes to work . the cause of this surge in violence is murky , with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the zulu king .
experts in iran have reportedly pushed lgbt patients toward hormone therapy and eventually surgery . some flee the country before surgery , as do other homosexuals who believe they may be outed . many come to turkey and the small town of denizli is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from iran who are now in limbo .
the '' avengers '' character was a guest on `` the tonight show starring jimmy fallon '' where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills . he crooned to a reworked version of `` thinking out loud '' . those talents , we 're told , include his collection of scarves and berets , his abilities on the trombone and he can open a pickle jar .
the judge lowered knight 's bail earlier this month , to $ 10 million from $ 25 million , after defense lawyers called the figure excessive for the circumstances . sloan , 51 , declined to identify knight as his attacker because sloan does n't want to be a `` snitch '' who sends knight to prison .
the awards are set to be handed out june 7 in a ceremony airing live at 8 p.m. on cbs -lrb- tape-delayed on the west coast -rrb- from radio city music hall . past tony winner and three-time nominee mary-louise parker unveiled the nominees with bruce willis .
the oscar winner put on white makeup to portray the clown prince of crime in the upcoming movie `` suicide squad '' . twitter users got their first look at leto in character friday night . the memes started almost immediately , from comparisons to `` home alone '' to an imagining of ben affleck tatted up .
jay z launched the subscription-based music service last month with a star-studded news conference in which artists such as madonna , kanye west , daft punk and jay z 's wife , beyonce , came together in support of what singer alicia keys told the crowd was `` the first ever artist-owned global music and entertainment platform '' .
universal announced thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on feb. 10 , 2017 . the third film in the series will debut february 9 , 2018 . the news came one day after the hollywood reporter reported that the husband of el james will write the script for the second film .
the cover story focuses on bullock 's home life with her son , louis , 5 , and her efforts to stay healthy and fit past her 40s . bullock , 50 , joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor , including last year 's cover girl , lupita nyong ` o , and gwyneth paltrow in 2013 .
stephen hawking has partnered with the silly lads of monty python to recreate the signature `` galaxy song '' from their 1983 film `` the meaning of life '' . the collabo is in honor of saturday 's record store day , when the 7-inch single will be available for sale .
dzhokhar `` jahar '' tsarnaev 's defense team is seeking to spare him from a death sentence for his part two years ago in the boston marathon bombings and murder of an mit police officer . tsarnaev was convicted april 8 on all 30 counts , including 17 that carry a possible death penalty .
the duchess of cambridge was a rare breed : stunningly beautiful , immediately accessible , witty , charming and endearingly mischievous -- she was one in a million . of course that was long before the , `` there were three of us in this marriage , so it was a bit crowded , '' interviews and tell-all books alleging suicide attempts and acts of betrayal .
the great kate wait of 2015 drags on , giving a whole new meaning to kate 's somewhat unfair noughties nickname , `` waity katie '' . 70 % of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess .
the basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to iran 's religious leaders . their mission is to protect the country 's islamic order , one basij commander said . `` if our imam , our supreme leader orders us , we will destroy isis , '' he said .
the olympic gold medalist and `` keeping up with the kardashians '' star said he has the `` soul of a female '' even though he was born with male body parts . thompson was one of many relatives to cheer jenner for publicly sharing what she had known for decades .
bernie sanders is barely known to the general public , which makes him a very long shot indeed to win election to the highest office in the nation . those who follow politics a little more closely will possibly think of him as some left-wing kook that only the most liberal state in the union would ever dream of electing to the senate .
miami riots were the first major `` race riots '' since the wave of riots spread across the nation in the 1960s . community leaders were gathered at the front , speaking to a crowd that was in shock and despair . the trial had been covered extensively , and nobody could believe that the fatal beating could be justified or excused .
new york city mayor bill de blasio has launched an ambitious pre-k education program to broaden access for all of the city 's residents . in new orleans , the mayor has put together a generous housing program to guarantee that there are no veterans without shelter . the drive for same-sex marriage equality took hold in the states before reaching the federal level .
in chhauni , an ice cream seller ran double-time with his cart , while his radio relayed the latest . further ahead , a mother and daughter sat down on a pavement so that a grandchild could be fed . everywhere , survivors gathered wherever they could find open space -- fields , private compounds , empty roadside lots .
photographer fabien le coq noticed an unusual tree . he positioned himself at the base of the tree and turned his camera upward , filling the frame with the trunk and its spindly branches . this was the start of the photo series `` treesome '' . the series , shot between 2012 and 2014 , speaks to the geometry of a modern city .
at 9:02 a.m. , the explosives detonated , killing 168 people , including 19 children . this was n't the work of a foreign terrorist group . the fbi 's goal , of course , is to prevent `` homegrown attacks '' before they happen . when acts of domestic terror do occur , the suspects get away .
mao thomas was born with harlequin ichthyosis , which means her skin is extremely thick , dry and flaky -- resembling fish scales . she has a full-time job , plays sport and is embarking on a career as public speaker -- educating and inspiring others about the challenges of looking `` visibly different '' .
local officials and a resident have been freed from the boko haram terror group in a joint nigerian-chadian military operation . they found hundreds of dead bodies in shallow graves and on the streets of damasak during our visit . the bodies were buried in 20 clearly marked mass graves .
the day is widely seen as marking the start of a free south africa after the fall of apartheid . this year 's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in april . many south africans used twitter to denounce the recent violence ... whilst others remembered iconic south african freedom fighter nelson mandela .
the head of the libyan army has rejected the possibility of cooperating with any eu military intervention in his country intended to stem the flow of undocumented migrants trying to reach europe . `` we will certainly not cooperate , because we were not involved in resolving this issue , '' haftar said . many of the travelers are fleeing violence and poverty in libya and elsewhere in the region .
prosecutor javier de luca has dismissed allegations that argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner tried to cover up iran 's involvement in a 1994 bombing in buenos aires . the case became of high interest globally after the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in january .
ciudad juarez , mexico , was once known as the murder capital of the world . back in 2010 , at the height of cartel violence , the city averaged 8.5 killings per day . this month the city launched the tourism campaign `` juarez is waiting for you '' .
in 70th year anniversary of the end of world war ii , shinzo abe surprised nobody by missing a great opportunity to dispel worries and tensions he raises with his revisionist views on history . this `` abenesia '' is harmful to japan 's international image , riles china and south korea and thereby undermines the bilateral security agenda .
the spacecraft that lost contact with flight controllers will re-enter the earth 's atmosphere in about a week , american astronaut scott kelly said wednesday . the progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and will begin its combustion in the atmosphere between may 5 and may 7 , according to roscosmos .
nato has been condemning russia 's actions in ukraine as well as its frequent , large scale , snap military drills and those long-range bear bombers repeatedly flying close to nato airspace . cnn was invited to spend a day aboard one of the vessels taking part -- the u.s. navy 's guided missile cruiser uss vicksburg .
israeli military says the airstrikes were carried out in the occupied golan heights against four militants who crossed into the area from syria . the golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite israeli governmental control . it is home to 41,000 residents , including jews , druze and alawites .
jean nidetch became a heavyweight in the weight-loss industry . she described herself as an `` overweight housewife obsessed with cookies '' . at the time , she was 38 years old and weighed more than 200 pounds . she officially launched weight watchers in 1963 and took the company public five years later .
jeff courcelle came home from work to find 5-year-old mocha . the pure bred fawn-colored doberman pincher , hovering over a pile of screws , metal pieces , three watch heads and some chewed leather straps . parkinson and her husband were just expecting to see a couple metal pieces .
mary doyle keefe became the symbol of american women working on the home front during world war ii . as a 19-year-old telephone operator , keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943 . keefe pocketed $ 10 for the two mornings of modeling work she did in arlington , vermont .
anamarie shreeves , 26 , is the site manager for the nonprofit keep atlanta beautiful . she creates almost no waste , no new clothing , no metal cans , no cars and in turn , no gas . the small amount of waste does create goes straight into a 32-ounce mason jar .
cheryl 's birthday challenge was meant to test the better high-school students competing in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad , held april 8 . a brief conversation between albert and bernard gives the reader enough clues to eliminate nine of the 10 dates . the internet has offered other solutions to the problem .
ella and her sister , alice , are athletic , loud , curious , wild-haired kids . they grew up watching their mother compete in races and ella had asked to sign up for her own . still , as they laid out everything she 'd need the next day , parker , a photographer , could tell she was afraid .
u.s. supreme court will hear oral arguments tuesday in a case that could decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have the constitutional right to marry . the question at the core of obergefell v. hodges is one of the most consequential debates of the early 21st century .
geophysicists have long monitored how fast the earth 's plates are moving . we know that the entire subcontinent of india is being driven slowly but surely underneath nepal and tibet at a speed of 1.8 inches per year . it 's the reason everest exists .
thelma 's character and thelma wed in the third episode of that season , but he injures his leg while walking out of the church , straining their relationship . powers also had a regular role as `` moochie '' on the cbs detective drama show , mickey spillane 's mike hammer , from 1984 to 1985 .
johanna basford 's `` secret garden : an inky treasure hunt & coloring book '' -lrb- no. 6 -rrb- is a similarly named coloring book that adults were buying , for themselves , and it was n't the only one in the top 10 . farrarons ' u.s. publisher , matthew lore of the experiment publishing group , wrote in an email . the demand is increasing exponentially as the word spreads .
the centers for disease control and prevention defines heavy drinking as exceeding an average of one drink per day during the past month . in santa clara county , calif. , for example , women 's binge drinking rates rose by nearly 36 percent between 2002 and 2012 , compared with 23 percent among men .
cassandra c. was ordered into custody of the connecticut department of children and families by a judge in december . she ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo , claiming she did not want to be treated . earlier this month , cnn reported that she was in remission , feeling well and her treatment was almost complete .
tiger wood 's low-back problem earlier this year ? tiger blamed a lack of glute -lrb- primary buttock muscle -rrb- firing for locking up his back , but attempting to rotate from his low back instead of moving functionally from his mid back or hips likely exacerbated the issue .
actress said smoking marijuana is `` good medicine '' for relieving the pressure in her eyes . the actress also defended her use of pot , saying , `` it 's expansive . it opens your mind '' and `` it makes you wonder . it does n't close that down , '' barr said .
researchers at ohio state university tested 82 college students 40 photographs -- some of highly pleasant images , such as children with kittens . they found that acetaminophen , the main ingredient in tylenol , reduces not only pain but pleasure , as well . the authors of the study say that it also blunted joy -- in other words , that it narrowed the range of feelings experienced .
the 62-year-old comic talked about her struggle with macular degeneration and glaucoma -- two eye diseases that get progressively worse over time and can steal vision . barr 's doctors have n't provided a timeline , but her symptoms are worsening : `` my vision is closing in now '' .
the bill will now go before gov. david ige , whose signature would make it law in hawaii as of january 1 , 2016 . forty-six u.s. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older , while alabama , alaska , new jersey and utah require customers to be at least 19 .
as of friday , 142 people have tested positive for hiv , with 136 confirmed cases and six more with preliminary positive test results . this is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people . scott county , the epicenter of the outbreak , has only one doctor who deals with infectious disease , but the doctor is not an hiv specialist .
the cdc and the united states department of agriculture held a press conference wednesday to talk about preparations . since mid-december , 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry , backyard chickens , and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds . that number will likely grow as birds with the disease fly from one state to the next .
the kathmandu valley 's other pagodas , stupas and shrines , also built mostly of red brick hundreds of years ago . from the late 1960s onwards , western hippy backpackers who traveled the legendary overland route to the shiva pagoda would climb the wide , nine-step plinth .
susie clark , who is from evening shade , arkansas , saw a 3.69-carat white , teardrop-shaped diamond in the plowed field . the diamond , which is the largest found at the park so far this year , is about the size of a pinto bean .
jacob lawrence 's groundbreaking work , `` the migration of the negro , '' is a series of 60 small paintings with text depicting the lives of millions of pre-world war ii blacks . one frame in particular , no. 22 , shows three black men dressed in their sunday best , handcuffed , heads bowed standing in front of a window adorned with prison bars .
kim 's first official trip since he came to power in 2011 following his father 's death , and it would have provided a fascinating opportunity for the world to get a closer look at a young leader . but a possible explanation is that kim may not be feeling completely secure in his position .
artist ken hermann visited the market for his project `` flower man '' . when hermann was in kolkata working on another assignment , he went to the market as a tourist . after that first encounter with malik ghat , his captivation with the market did not diminish and he became intent on returning .
lewis hamilton captured his 35th grand prix win with a peerless pole-to-flag win under shanghai 's sunny skies . the british racer said the team have done a fantastic job to up our pace and improve after our last race where we struggled a bit . vettel is just 13 points behind hamilton in the world championship and four points ahead of rosberg .
the professor at the texas a&m university galveston campus accused them of `` backstabbing , game playing , cheating , lying , fighting '' . he was a hero who taught today 's entitled youth a much-needed lesson , or an egotistical nightmare of a teacher who threw a fit .
the new greeter wears a traditional japanese kimono while delivering information to the growing crowd . it 's hard to imagine the store 's founders in the late 1600 's could have imagined this kind of employee . chihira has 43 motors allowing it to move , speak in sign language and even sing .
joni mitchell , who was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997 , was found unconscious in her home . she remains at the hospital , according to leslie morris ' court petition . in her april 28 petition , morris says mitchell is unconscious : `` at this time she -lrb- mitchell -rrb- remains unconscious and unable to make any responses '' .
richard dysart died of cancer at his home in santa monica , california , according to his wife , kathryn jacobi dysart . mckenzie usually took a back seat to the younger , more glamorous characters on `` law , '' that he 's likely best remembered .
the as yet not titled eight-part , one-hour series is set to premiere july 26 . fans of `` keeping up with the kardashians '' often got to see the sometimes strained relationship between bruce and his wife kris . the pair announced they had filed for divorce in september 2014 after some time of living apart .
baltimore police said rioting at a shopping mall and elsewhere monday afternoon started amid rumors of a `` purge '' . the term appears to be a reference to 2013 's `` the purge : anarchy , '' about a dystopian future america where on one day each year , all laws are suspended for a 12-hour period .
mita gurung , 10 , sustained injuries to her face and leg when she tried to save her life . the hospital built a tarpaulin shelter over the parking lot and is overflowing with patients . all of their faces with empty looks are still expressing the terror they went through and the pain they are suffering .
obama white house 's efforts to make the world a better place can be accounted for in the ever-growing numbers of victims of radical islam in the middle east , north africa and south asia . plus , libya is now being used as a rear operating base to support its jihad in iraq , which could soon spill over into jordan .
kathmandu , 40 , was at home when the 7.8-magnitude earthquake struck . she endured 36 long hours trapped in a room on the ground floor . in the wake of the disaster , which has left at least 4,500 people dead across nepal , sitoula escaped without injury .
freddie gray was arrested baltimore police on the morning of april 12 without incident . he subsequently slipped into a coma , dying a week after his initial arrest . police released a more detailed timeline of events on monday , and officials speaking at a news conference elaborated on specifics of the events .
many of these schools are for-profit career colleges that operate mostly online . corinthian , which once enrolled more than 70,000 students , is one of the worst of the `` predator colleges '' -- schools that offer dubious degrees , saddle students with high amounts of debt and gobble up tens of billions in federal money every year .
cecily strong of `` saturday night live '' was not strong 's finest hour , though the entire affair seemed like five of c-span 's longest hours . when you step back and look at the event as a whole , and appreciate what 's really happening , in terms of press freedoms and even a u.s. president willing and able to poke fun at himself as well as others .
a new book called `` clinton cash : the untold story of how and why foreign governments and businesses helped make bill and hillary rich '' by peter schweizer , coming out may 5 . my guess is that the issues raised by the book will prompt team clinton to put its candidate on the road , where she can continue holding loosely scheduled , informal meetings with ordinary americans .
the miami-dade police department set up the camera as part of an ongoing police investigation into luggage thefts by the very airport workers who are supposed to get bags safely onto planes . miami aviation director emilio t. gonzález said the insider theft cases `` are indeed the exception among the thousands of decent , hardworking employees at mia '' .
the visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked kim 's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of north korea in late 2011 . kim also could have had the chance to rub elbows with the heads of about 30 other governments , including the leaders of china , cuba , india , vietnam and venezuela .
christopher scarver was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing serial killer jeffrey dahmer and another man at columbia correctional institution in 1994 . scarver said the confessed cannibal would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them . the pastor said the convict would make jokes about this cannibalistic past .
company geely automobile is seeking to prove that a chinese company can manage a global auto brand . geely 's gambit will be watched to see if it paves the way for other chinese car manufacturers to crack developed markets . for many u.s. consumers , china is still more closely linked with cheap clothing and electronics than luxury vehicles .
li lifei , 26 , has his eye on a volkswagen tiguan but shanghai , like many large chinese cities , rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies . each month there are around 10,000 license plates available .
gregorio billikopf has been photographing and videotaping the three eruptions and described thursday 's event as spectacular but not as severe as the two prior ones . the explosion produced an extensive plume , but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on april 22 and april 23 .
venezuelan native maickel melamed , 39 , completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. tuesday . he was the last participant to complete the race . melamed has completed marathons in chicago , new york , berlin and tokyo .
google 's real-time traffic app , waze , uses gps navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams , automobile accidents , stalled cars , and through its `` traffic cop '' feature , the presence of law enforcement . most people undoubtedly use waze 's police-finding feature to avoid traffic tickets , but the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers .
andrew lesnie spent more than a decade collaborating with director peter jackson on the six `` lord of the rings '' films . lesnie also shot `` rise of the planet of the apes '' -lrb- 2011 -rrb- , directed by rupert wyatt , the directorial debut of russell crowe .
liz smith was born in chicago in 1936 and moved to toronto in 1996 with her son and her husband , ernest . lilienstein left the sharon , lois & bram performance trio in 2000 . the canadian variety show was best known for songs like `` skinnamarink '' and `` peanut butter '' .
actor johnny kemp is believed to have drowned at a beach in montego bay on thursday , the jamaica constabulatory force said in a press release . kemp was scheduled to perform on the tom joyner foundation fantastic voyage cruise , parent company reach media inc. said .
percy sledge , the r&b belter whose biggest hit , died of natural causes , said stephanie price of the east baton rouge parish coroner 's office . in a career that started in the 1960s , sledge had a number of hits , including `` take time to know her , '' `` warm and tender love '' and `` it tears me up '' among them all .
the celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son , silas randall timberlake , in statements to people . `` silas was the middle name of timberlake 's maternal grandfather bill bomar , who died in 2012 , while randall is the musician 's own middle name , as well as his father 's first , '' people reports .
the female-skewing cable network has greenlit `` the unauthorized full house story '' -lrb- working title -rrb- . it will look at the rise of the cast -- including john stamos , bob saget and the mary-kate and ashley olsen -- and explore the pressure they faced to balance idyllic family life on the show . an air date for the `` full house '' tell-all has yet to be determined .
the avengers is the third highest-grossing film of all time . writer-director joss whedon mixes some brooding down-time in with the abundant spectacle . at least two of the big action scenes are lackluster , while the climax and resolution could have been worked out in more complex .
` furious 7 ' is the best f&f by far , two hours of pure pow fueled by dedication and passionate heart . this one sticks with you . the usual flaws -- plot bumps , muscle acting , tweet-length dialogue -- fade in the face of the camaraderie on and off screen .
the 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on `` ordinary lies '' . her `` coronation street '' character tina mcintyre was the show 's first character to act as a surrogate , according to imdb . keegan is followed by reality television star and model kendall jenner .
the uss independence was scuttled in january 1951 during weapons testing near california 's farallon islands . researchers from the national oceanic and atmospheric administration went looking for it again in march as part of a project to map about 300 wrecks that lie in and around the gulf of the farallones national marine sanctuary .
the magazine collected statistics comparing award-seat availability for the five biggest u.s. airlines on domestic routes . the top performer was southwest airlines , which offered the most award tickets , 11.9 million , and the highest percentage of award tickets -- 11.5 % of 103.1 million total passenger seats .
loretta lynch is to create a muscular federal response to months of national unrest over controversial police killings like freddie gray , 25 . lynch will need to put down the carrots , pick up the stick and make clear that the justice department intends to crack down on police abuse by using one of its most potent weapons .
mexican federal police seized alondra luna nuñez on friday in the colonial city of guanajuato , in central mexico . the 14-year-old was put inside a federal police truck that sped away as witnesses , including the teenager 's aunt , watched and recorded .
justice ruth bader ginsburg talked about how the institution of marriage has already changed from long ago , when it was `` a dominant and a subordinate relationship '' . `` for centuries we had and europe had this coverture system where a woman 's legal identity was absorbed into that of her husband and men and women had different prescribed legal roles '' .
koch industries ' recent announcement that it will `` ban the box '' -- i.e. , remove from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions . it 's one item on a menu of fair-chance hiring reforms intended to ensure that job applicants are evaluated on their skills and qualifications first .
andy murray donned a traditional blue and green tartan kilt , while his bride dazzled in a vintage-style gown by british designer jenny packham . the couple met at the u.s. open in 2005 and got engaged in november last year . any plans for a honeymoon have been put on hold as the world number three returns to tournament action next week .
amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , snapped the lucky shot . within a few hours , it had already received hundreds of retweets . the splendor of such a scene can render us speechless , even emotional -- much like the star of the famous `` double rainbow '' video .
gulnaz was raped by her cousin 's husband , asadullah , when she was 16 . she 's now carrying the third child of her attacker , who was jailed . gulnaz 's plight , like so much in beleaguered afghanistan , disappeared from the world 's gaze once she was pardoned .
the u.s. embassy and nato declined to comment for this story . its population is five times what it was when nato arrived . the last americans in afghanistan in the 1980s , were over-priced cliques of foreigners living in `` poppy palaces '' . they are now living in kabul 's dusty , mountainous bowl of a city in order to avoid the fighting .
photographer simon brann thorpe uses the area 's harsh landscape as a powerful backdrop for soldiers posed as green plastic figurines . thorpe said his project enables `` the creation of a visual metaphor from which a viewer develops their own emotional , physical and political response to war and conflict '' .
freddie gray , a ... healthy man , died sunday under circumstances that are unclear . his take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera , which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing freddy into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain . he clung to life for seven days and died today at approximately 7 a.m.
tokyo graham told cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 ˚ '' she saw her son with a brick in his hand , and she lost control of her emotions . the 16-year-old boy said he understood that his mother was there looking out for him . gray died of a severe spinal injury after being arrested by baltimore police .
the little boy 's disappearance sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children . deliberations resumed on thursday , one day after new york supreme court justice maxwell wiley ordered the jury to continue efforts to reach a decision on the guilt or innocence of a bodega worker named pedro hernandez .
james holmes is accused of opening fire on the crowd , killing 12 people and injuring 70 others in aurora , a suburb of denver . holmes says he was insane at the time of the shootings , and that is his legal defense and court plea : not guilty by reason of insanity .
the big fight between manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather wo n't `` save '' boxing , a sport that has fallen precipitously since its 20th century heyday . if anything , the so-called `` fight of the century '' just reinforces the sport 's problems , as two aging heroes collide in what might be the last nationally relevant fight for a very long time .
the bangladeshi migrant 's description provides new details about what may have happened aboard the ship . their movement caused the large , multilevel boat to capsize about 110 kilometers -lrb- almost 70 miles -rrb- north of libya , sending the desperate crowd plunging into the sea . many on lower levels of the boat were trapped inside because smugglers had locked the doors .
japan 's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 . if it is approved , the agency will reportedly use its epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a slim probe . the mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies , which could be utilized in future , manned expeditions to the moon , or even mars .
u.s. said tuesday that deploying warships to yemen to monitor nearby iranian vessels has given america `` options '' for how it could react to iran 's behavior in the region . international officials are concerned that iran could surreptitiously attempt to transfer weaponry to the houthis .
billion noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $ 300 from 200,000 people globally . in march , dollar did appeal in a video to `` friends from around the world , '' soliciting donations to replace his current 1984 gulfstream g-1159a .
president barack obama enrolled at occidental college in los angeles in 1979 . he credits the clean air act with making americans `` a lot '' healthier . the epa estimates that between 1970 and 2010 , the act and its amendments prevented 365,000 early deaths from particulate matter alone .
four turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting that took place in the eastern city of agri . turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu condemned the violence and said via twitter that `` the appropriate answer to the heinous attack in agri is being given by the turkish armed forces '' .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on indonesia 's `` execution island '' for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot . lawyers for the pair argued that widodo had failed to individually consider their cases . one of the condemned men 's lawyers said he was disappointed with the rulings but would respect the court 's decision .
the crash happened near the city of tan-tan just before 7 a.m. , the maghreb arabe presse state news agency reported . debris scattered across the road , while smoke rose into the sky , videos posted to social media show . the dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition .
scientists from the university of utah created the first three-dimensional depiction of the geothermal structure under yellowstone . yellowstone 's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath earth 's surface . it is responsible for fueling the newly discovered reservoir that lies on top of it .
marleni olivo , 54 , visited anzoategui , the state where she lives . maduro , a former bus driver , drove a bus to a rally wednesday . he had written a message on a mango -- `` if you can , call me , '' along with her name and phone number .
the lawsuit was filed march 27 and a preliminary investigation was opened by the prosecutor 's office wednesday . the media outlet is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages , who were hiding in a cold room during the attack . amedy coulibaly , also suspected in the slaying of a police officer , stormed the hyper cacher jewish supermarket on january 9 , killing four people and taking others hostage .
the helicopter crashed near kampung pasir baru in semenyih , at 4:55 p.m. saturday . among the victims were azlin alias , who worked on the prime minister 's staff , and jamaluddin jarjis , former malaysian ambassador to the united states and chairman of pr1ma malaysia .
benjamin cole , a georgia slave owner in the mid-1800 's , revealed cole 's name wednesday night . the show 's producer , harvard professor henry louis gates jr. , apparently acquiesced to affleck 's request . when the episode aired in october 2014 , there was no mention of the star 's slave-owning ancestor .
president obama revealed that a u.s. drone strike had killed warren weinstein and giovanni lo porto , two aid workers held hostage on the afghanistan-pakistan border . but it is not only terrorist groups that try to reap reward from the taking of hostages -- take the case of jason rezaian , the washington post 's tehran bureau chief .
the slants are five asian-american musicians from portland , oregon , who pay homage to the '80s on stage -- and homage to their heritage in an ironic way . the group adopted the lenny bruce philosophy of repeating an insulting term until it does n't mean anything anymore .
sofia vergara 's ex-fiance is speaking out about their dispute over frozen embryos created while they dated . loeb says he met the actress in 2010 and they got engaged two years later , at which point they decided to create the embryos and conceive a child via a surrogate .
saudi arabia began airstrikes on houthi rebels in yemen three weeks ago . but aden remains a city not fully in the hands of rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government of president abdu rabu mansour hadi . the houthis forced hadi from power in january , though hadi still claims to be yemen 's legitimate leader .
flight 448 , which had been bound for los angeles , returned to seattle . upon landing , a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold , according to a statement from the airline . the agent , who is an employee of alaska contractor menzies aviation , told authorities he had fallen asleep .
the gunman , identified by law enforcement as 20-year-old kenneth morgan stancil iii , worked at one time for the victim and is a former student at the school . the shooting took place on the third floor of a campus building . despite earlier reports , the victim was not killed inside the library .
an estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous mediterranean crossing , but still more wait to reach europe . cnn 's producer was introduced to a senegalese and malian smuggler by an intermediary in tripoli , who mistakenly thought she was a syrian .
matyas gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of kecskemet , south of budapest , with his high school friend milan berenyi . the house was built with a grant from the eu , and showcases the `` liquid engineering '' concepts gutai has written about extensively . the indoor temperature can also be modified using a monitoring system similar to central heating .
the boat , named airone , was intercepted some 90 kilometers -lrb- 56 miles -rrb- from the libyan port of misrata , according to a statement from the italian joint forces . the airone had embarked from mazara del vallo in sicily five days earlier to fish for shrimp .
the show will feature candace cameron bure , who played eldest daughter d.j. tanner in the original series , as the recently widowed mother of three boys . talks with co-starsbob saget , mary-kate and ashley olsen , dave coulier and lori loughlin are ongoing .
the closed-door contest follows the postponements of monday 's and tuesday 's games against the white sox until a doubleheader scheduled for may 28 following unrest in baltimore . the game will be televised on the masn regional cable network . hall of famer frank thomas tweeted that the series should be moved to a later date .
the u.n.-sponsored talks should resume `` but only after a complete halt of attacks , '' houthi spokesman mohammed abdulsalam said in a facebook post . the previous round of talks between rebels and the government of yemeni president abdu rabu mansour hadi failed in january .
wisconsin badgers beat michigan state 81-61 in the ncaa men 's basketball final four at indianapolis . the badgers fought back from a 60-56 deficit with 6:39 left in the game . wisconsin went on an 8-0 run to regain a lead it never relinquished .
jerome r. hunt , of hayward , california , climbed the fence on the south side of the white house complex about 10:25 p.m. , said brian leary with the united states secret service . hunt is in custody and charges are pending , leary said .
president barack obama and baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake have given new life to a debate over the word `` thug '' . the rev. jamal bryant drew the same comparison wednesday morning on cnn 's `` erin burnett outfront '' .
judge jeffrey sutton penned the only recent appellate court decision to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage . the split helped pave the way for the u.s. supreme court to take up a case on tuesday that could ultimately decide whether gay and lesbian couples nationwide have a constitutional right to marry .
machete-wielding attackers hacking immigrants to death in south africa . they started after zulu king goodwill zwelithini said foreigners `` should pack their bags and go '' because they are taking jobs from citizens . but the united nations said the attacks started in march after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers .
mohamed mohamud , an al qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia , took responsibility for the attack , according to a tweet from the country 's interior ministry . it offers a reward of 20 million kenyan shillings , which is about $ 215,000 .
freddie gray , 25 , was arrested by police in baltimore on april 12 . his family said his voice box had been crushed and his neck snapped . police commissioner anthony batts has said `` we know our police employees failed to get him medical attention in a timely manner multiple times '' .
a u.s. defense official did n't provide details about the attack in the city of jalabad . an afghan national army soldier was killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire . other troops were injured in the attack , according to the defense official . those troops belong to the nato-led resolute support mission meant to train and support afghan troops .
new belgium and ben & jerry 's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream -- salted caramel brownie ice cream , to be precise . both companies have a history of social activism , and the new project will be no different , they say . the companies will announce the details later this year and the beer is set to hit shelves in the fall .
suzanne crough passed away monday at home in laughlin , nevada , the clark county coroner 's office said . tracy played tambourine and percussion in the traveling `` partridge family '' band . the band had real hit songs with `` come on get happy '' and `` i think i love you , '' though not all the members really sang or played instruments .
bobbi kristina brown , 22 , has `` global and irreversible brain damage , '' her grandmother cissy houston said in a statement monday . houston 's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of brown 's condition , who told cnn on monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months .
the nasa spacecraft messenger -lrb- an acronym for mercury surface , space environment , geochemistry , and ranging -rrb- is about to crash onto mercury . the probe was launched in 2004 and traveled more than six and a half years before it started orbiting mercury on march 18 , 2011 .
british and american aid workers , japanese and syrian soldiers and egyptian and now ethiopian christians were among those who followed in foley 's wake . their gruesome beheadings have galvanized international opposition to the group -- and helped attract a wave of foreign recruits to the isis cause .
u.s. , saudi arabia and other countries criticize iran for its alleged involvement in funding and supplying the houthi rebels who have seized power in much of yemen . iran 's president hassan rouhani has praised the military as peacemakers for the middle east .
baltimore reacted to the death of freddie gray , the young man who died last week from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody , major league baseball had a problem on its hands . when the orioles finally pulled out a win in the 10th inning , 36,000 fans remained in their seats .
italian prime minister silvio berlusconi and gadhafi signed an historic friendship agreement in which italy promised to invest $ 5 billion in libyan infrastructure . in 2008 , the-then italian prime minister signed an accord with tunisia in which they promised to help patrol tunisian ports .
photographer james oatway checked the series of stills on his camera the morning after a night of unrest in johannesburg 's alexandra township . the attackers bludgeoned emmanuel sithole with a wrench , stabbed him with knives , all in broad daylight .
abih essawi , the deputy head of the anbar provincial council , said it 's unclear how much longer government troops can hold their front lines against the isis offensive . he begged the iraqi government for reinforcements and the u.s.-led coalition against isis for air support .
officer michael slager was arrested after raw video surfaced showing him firing numerous shots at walter scott as scott ran away from a traffic stop . footage contradicts slager 's statement that he felt threatened after scott allegedly took his stun gun during a scuffle . but then again , dogs usually are not treated this badly .
dr. oz soldiered on , with his university and hospital continuing to stand by him , and with harpo productions and sony , who co-produce `` the dr. oz show '' fully behind his program . if the u.s. senate could n't bring him down , what made this particular collection of 10 doctors think they could do it with their recent letter to columbia university .
zaki-ur-rehman lakhvi , a top leader of the terrorist group lashkar-e-taiba , was released early friday from a jail in the pakistani city of rawalpindi . lakhvi was charged in pakistan in 2009 , accused of masterminding the november 2008 terror attacks that left more than 160 people dead in mumbai .
beatriz paez filed a complaint wednesday with police in south gate , just south of los angeles . paez said she was out walking sunday when she noticed what looked like an arrest several houses up the street . she said marshals asked her to stop recording but she told them she had a right to do so .
nigeria 's poor have been victims of their country 's enormous wealth . for too long , the winner ran on an anti-corruption platform suggests that ordinary nigerians have finally had enough of the venality of their elites . the richest buy off the anger of the poorest , and vast swaths of society become complicit in the crime .
scientists have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in martian soil could pull water vapor from the planet 's thin atmosphere into the soil at night . they say the new study does n't change the picture for life on mars . mars may once have had an sea as extensive as earth 's atlantic ocean .
chinese nuclear experts have told the united states that pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads . the key takeaway from the latest assessment of north korea 's nuclear capability is not in the actual number of warheads , but the type of warhead , as this gives a better clue to the future of the country 's weapons capabilities .
novak djokovic beat thomas berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 in the rain-interrupted final of the monte carlo masters . the serbian world number one did n't have it all his away under uncharacteristically slate gray skies on the mediterranean coast . the czech sixth seed broke twice early in the third set to surge to a 4-0 lead .
more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals across the state for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid , known as `` spice '' or `` k2 '' . synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products to `` mask its true purpose '' . the recent surge is not isolated in new york ; other states across the country have noticed similar trends .
mohamed badie was sentenced to death by hanging , along with 13 members of his group . they faced charges that include `` funding the rabaa al-adawiya sit-in '' -- a mass protest in cairo in august 2013 that was forcibly dispersed by security personnel -- and spreading `` false information '' to destabilize egypt .
baltimore killings and assaults from ferguson , missouri , to most recently baltimore , are part of a deadly continuum of conduct that has created a well of resentment and anger in the african-american community . the loss of that confidence threatens the very foundation of our legal system that underpins it .
the cast of `` the breakfast crew '' escaped from principal richard vernon 30 years ago , but a draft script of the 1985 teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet . the manuscript sports the approval signature of the district 's then-superintendent and reveals that molly ringwald 's character , claire standish , was originally to be named cathy douglas .
`` monty python and the holy grail '' premiered 40 years ago thursday . the movie , a spoof of the arthurian legend , did not start auspiciously . the budget was small -- about $ 400,000 , half of it supplied by rock stars , including genesis and pink floyd .
the comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet tuesday night at the 2015 time 100 gala in new york . the stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers , although kanye -- perhaps not used to being upstaged -- looked unamused .
april 14 was n't just chosen at random as equal pay day . for women to make the same amount of money that men made in 2014 , they 'd have to work until april 14 , 2015 . a woman on average loses $ 431,000 in pay over the course of a 40-year career .
the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women 's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for `` lost '' wages as a result of the so-called wage gap . in the wake of hillary clinton 's presidential announcement , the `` holiday '' has special meaning .
jeff green , then playing for the boston celtics , was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood . until a routine physical stopped him in his tracks , he had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart . he considered the possibility he may never play basketball again .
gao yu , 71 , immediately said she would appeal , her lawyer mo shaoping told cnn friday . the government had accused gao of disclosing a highly confidential `` document no. 9 '' issued by the ruling communist party leadership in 2013 to an overseas chinese-language news organization .
in south korea , myopia rates among 20-year-olds have leaped from 18 % in 1955 to over 96 % myopia in 2011 . it 's a global issue -- rates of myopia are also rising in western nations like germany and the united states . the easiest solutions are the hardest to implement .
hillary clinton 's official announcement went online . there were over 3 million views of her announcment tweets in one hour , and 750,000 facebook video views so far by sunday evening . some tweeted their immediate support , with one word : ` hillary clinton , '' #whyimnotvotingforhillary '' .
two-minute clip shows the unimaginable scale of the avalanche that smashed into everest base camp on saturday . at least 17 people have been killed , with dozens injured and several missing . helicopters brought stranded climbers off the mountain monday amid growing concern for the groups stuck around 20,000 feet -lrb- 6,100 meters -rrb- high in camps 1 and 2 .
julian assange has been holed up in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 to avoid extradition to sweden . prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another . some of the alleged crimes will be subject to a statute of limitations in august 2015 .
female tsa officer noticed a man he found attractive , he would alert a female officer . during the patdown , the male officer used the palms of his hands to touch the passenger 's front groin area and buttocks , which violates tsa policy . the tsa said it has been trying to identify the passenger in the february incident but to no avail .
airspeed restriction begins at a 60-mile radius from the center of reagan national airport . aircraft must enter the sfra through specific flight `` gates '' that are displayed on an air traffic controller 's display screen to indicate authorization for the flight . air traffic control assumes the responsibility for the appropriate routing .
ayatollah ali khamenei , the islamic republic 's supreme leader , told state-run media outlets he is neither in favor nor against the proposed deal because it is n't final . the united states , however , has stressed that if a final deal is reached with iran , the removal of any sanctions will come in phases .
the microneedle patch could bring polio vaccines to the doorsteps of the people that need it . it 's been 60 years since a mass inoculation of jonas salk 's vaccine began with school children in april , 1955 that caused polio cases in the united states to drop by almost 90 % over the course of two years .
the $ 16 million mary harvin transformation center was being built in a part of town where half the properties are vacant buildings or barren lots . the center was to provide behavioral health counseling , support services for people and families with hiv and aids , employment training , and ex-offender re-entry services .
the proposed training materials , overseen by appointed federal monitor peter zimroth , were submitted to manhattan federal court judge analisa torres on monday . they include directives to `` not tell or tolerate ethnic , racial or sexist jokes '' . the training notes also instruct new cadets `` not to use terms or words that devalue groups of people or stereotype them '' .
muna mansour is from buffalo in upstate new york . her family is among the dozens of americans caught in the crossfire of warring parties in yemen . they want to drive out the shiite houthi rebels , whose opposition to the government grew from protests to a takeover of government buildings and some territory .
saudi jets began airstrikes in yemen late last month in the name of what the kingdom 's washington ambassador described as `` restoring the legitimate government '' . the need to protect constitutions and elections is a rather strange message from the representative of an absolute monarchy . so what is really going on ?
china 's biggest auto show opens in shanghai this week . organizers hope it will be the scantily-clad `` car babes '' . in previous years have posed provocatively on car hoods and sashayed through the aisles to draw crowds to the 9-day event .
the last `` late show '' will air wednesday , may 20 . among the notables are oprah winfrey , with whom letterman has had an on-and-off faux feud for years ; clooney , who 's starring in `` tomorrowland '' will be released on may 22 .
thailand 's martial law was lifted wednesday when the thai king bhumibol adulyadej approved a request from prime minister general prayuth chan-ocha to proceed . prayuth immediately invoked article 44 of the country 's interim constitution to curb acts deemed harmful to national peace and stability .
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez looked on impassively as he was sentenced to life without the possibility of parole . he was found guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 murder of onetime friend odin lloyd . lloyd 's relatives portrayed him as a loving son and protective brother , as a man who rode his bike 10 miles to work and wore the same flip-flops for 12 years .
freddie gray was on full display by monday in baltimore . police officers who were n't there do n't know what happened to freddie gray . those who cut fire hoses and burned down homes wo n't be gone tomorrow . most violent criminals are actively or passively involved in the drug trade .
somali woman was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside tripoli . other pregnant women fleeing repression have come to libya -- many fleeing fighting that refuses to stop . they are willing to risk their lives on crowded boats to make the final part of the trip .
the brawl took place in the food court area of resorts world casino . approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived . two of the men were given a summons for disorderly conduct and released . the third remains in custody and has been charged with obstructing governmental administration , resisting arrest , and disorderly conduct .
lz granderson : we let the violence stand for everything that 's wrong with the things we already did n't like . by now you may be asking , `` who 's we ? '' . we enslaved africans . we cut reconstruction short and made a mockery of equal citizenship , he writes .
annastasia w. , who 's training for her first ironman half-triathlon this summer , suggested a group brick workout at our local gym . she invited several other women , including complete newbies , through the soletri sisters facebook group and 10 of us met up on a cold chicago morning to swim for 15 minutes .
on april 12 , 1945 , the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks . until dodge jumped up so quickly , his swivel chair crashed into the glass-fronted bookcase behind him -- a symphonic orchestra cymbals sound -- and ran to what was called the tube room .
elizabeth warren said she wanted to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and `` make washington work for families again '' . warren , a massachusetts democrat , also got specific with her wish list , mentioning that a candidate willing to lower the interest rates on student loans and shore up social security would get high marks from her .
the low-key video she released on sunday announcing her run for the white house is filled with women . clinton often says there 's no better time in history to be born female than the present . there are historic numbers of women in congress , and the idea of `` leaning in '' is a catch phrase among professional women .
hillary clinton has been a part of all our lives now for approaching a quarter of a century . if hillary or jeb were to win two presidential terms , 28 will have had a clinton or a bush in the white house . the great american republic now looks about as democratic as `` game of thrones '' .
new horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of pluto . the probe will soon beaming back much sharper images and a wealth of other information about pluto 's remote , unexplored corner of the solar system . pluto is 1,400 miles wide , roughly half the width of the continental united states .
protests erupt nationwide after the death of freddie gray , a black man who suffered a severe spinal cord injury while in police custody . some local businesses in baltimore are banding together to show their support for the city , while others are left to rebuild or repair after monday 's riot .
zeta beta tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans last weekend at panama city beach , florida , by spitting , urinating and pouring beer on them . `` they actually spit on me and my service dog as well , and that 's just so disrespectful and it hurts . i come and i feel like i 'm defending myself , '' wounded veteran nicholas connole told cnn affiliate wjhg .
theresa devine and steve esmond and their two children fell gravely ill and suffered seizures ; two brothers , ages 14 and 16 , remain in comas . investigators are still trying to piece together exactly what happened at the sirenusa resort , where a delaware family 's vacation in paradise turned into a nightmare .
jihadi chiefs have a strategy beyond the battlefield . killing the enemy , the men , is a tactic for winning battles and conquering territory . it is part of the larger plan of building a `` caliphate '' complete with controls and norms harking back to the seventh century or , rather . to the group 's interpretation of life in the early days of islam .
jamal al-labani , 45 , was on his way back from mosque prayers when he was hit in the back by shrapnel from a mortar shell , his family said . he is believed to be the first u.s. citizen killed in the current violence in yemen . yemen has been rocked by violence and political turmoil for months .
vatican said wednesday that the pope would stop in cuba before his planned late september stops in washington , new york and philadelphia . in havana 's cathedral square , people reacted joyously to the news . francis , the first pope from latin america , played a role in restarting diplomatic relations between cuba and the united states .
` roots , ' the epic miniseries about an african-american slave and his descendants , had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977 . a&e , lifetime and history -lrb- formerly the history channel -rrb- announced thursday that the three networks would simulcast a remake of the saga of kunta kinte .
isis has gained territory , cash and recruits primarily because of the rage and rebellion of the sunnis of iraq and syria , who believe they must fight the shiites to secure their own survival and strength . next , isis presents itself as a global organization , but it has thrived because of a local cause .
the size of the doubled search area , the equivalent of more than 46,000 square miles , would be bigger than the u.s. state of pennsylvania . flight 370 vanished after taking off from kuala lumpur , malaysia , on march 8 , 2014 , bound for beijing .
scientists discovered a stone chest in a 1,350-year-old church that appeared to contain a piece of jesus ' cross . at the time , the chest served as a symbolic coffin for a holy person 's relics . the latest episode of the `` true cross '' is a powerful identifier for the faith of more than two billion people .
scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993 . when spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the lamalunga cave , deep under the town of altamura . they were wedged into a panoply of stalactites and stony globules deposited by water dripping over them for tens of thousands of years .
supreme judicial court in massachusetts first legalized the practice in 2003 . the constitution has not changed since 2003 , a point that will surely be made by such opponents of same-sex marriage as justice antonin scalia . the supreme court has always been about a lot more than the intentions of the framers .
warner bros. and mattel announced a partnership to launch dc super hero girls , featuring familiar superheroes and supervillains as `` relatable teens '' . the characters involved include wonder woman , supergirl , batgirl , harley quinn and poison ivy . the first elements will roll out in the fall .
henry louis gates stands accused of scrubbing part of a segment in his pbs documentary series `` finding your roots '' because the actor ben affleck put pressure on him . gates later explained that he subbed that part of the segment for another that made for more `` compelling television '' . but providing a window into the importance of slavery 's past to america 's present should never just be about what makes for good television .
officer michael slager was arrested on murder charges in north charleston , south carolina , on tuesday . police chief eddie driggers supports the police officer , who is ultimately exonerated , and a predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done .
the bp oil spill 's legacy continues to haunt this region like a recurring cancer . community groups and dedicated organizations have worked ceaselessly to restore and repair not only the physical environment . also the way of life , that 's not to say progress has n't been made , and it deserves our attention and additional resources to continue to progress .
spacex , the private space exploration company founded by billionaire elon musk , hopes to give it a try . but weather forced it to scrub monday 's plan to launch . spacex will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform , or what it calls an autonomous spaceport drone ship , in the atlantic ocean off florida .
ibrahim al-rubaish was once held by the u.s. government at its detention facility in guantanamo bay , cuba . he was among a number of detainees who sued the administration of then-president george w. bush to challenge the legality of their confinement in gitmo .
james holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity . jurors will thoroughly examine those seven minutes in a trial that experts say could last months . holmes attended the midnight showing of `` the dark knight rises '' at the century aurora 16 multiplex theater but left through a rear door alongside the movie screen .
the wooden vessel was called mecca after the holy city . it meant hugging the coastline , trying to stay as much as possible out of the deeper water in the middle of the gulf of aden where the world 's navies seemed to be squaring off . the captain slowed the boat to a crawl so the remaining miles would stretch until daybreak .
mersin , a port city on the southern border , was the jump off point . he met a syrian guy in a hotel in mersin who had already paid money to one smuggler and was planning to depart within a few days . the money would be deposited into an insurance company .
in 1969 , the first time pew asked the question about legalization , only 12 % of the nation was in favor . in 1969 , a police officer met in michigan is part of the revolution , as are the editors of the medical journal , neurosurgery . girl 's seizures spur medical marijuana legislation in georgia .
putin defended lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to iran . `` we need to encourage our iranian partners , '' putin said , referring to a preliminary deal to limit iran 's nuclear program . sanctions against iran have had a dramatic impact on the nation 's economy .
dr. mehmet oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of `` manifesting an egregious lack of integrity '' in his tv and promotional work . in a statement issued last week , oz said , `` i bring the public information that will help them on their path to be their best selves '' .
the cdc recommends consumers do not eat any blue bell brand products . the bacteria can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , the elderly and others with weak immune systems . three people in kansas have died in the past year and 10 people in four states have fallen ill from the bacteria believed to have come from blue bell products .
the baltimore single mom who pulled her son , who was holding a brick , away from the scene of a riot . a video of graham yanking young michael from a group of protesters -- and subsequently pummeling him with her fists and a few slaps upside the head -- went viral . her own reaction , after all , was to yell , curse and hit .
ryan shepard snapped a photo of a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground . it would n't be an exaggeration to say it looked half a mile wide . it could have been one the national weather service warned about in a tweet as severe thunderstorms drenched the area , causing street flooding .
alexis keslar was walking with her twin sons , silas and eli , along a canal friday when she tried to repel a bee . the stroller rolled away from her into the canal , with the boys belted in the seat , police said . after more than an hour of searching , the toddlers were found and flown to a hospital , where they were pronounced dead .
the number of people confirmed dead in nepal stands at 3,218 , said nepalese ministry of home affairs spokesman laxmi dhakal . the death toll is expected to climb further as officials get information from the rugged countryside that makes up most of nepal . stunned residents wandered the streets of kathmandu , the capital city of roughly 3 million people that 's now the focus of international disaster relief efforts .
the crash occurred at 3:30 p.m. at the exotic driving experience , which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack . the 36-year-old passenger , gary terry of davenport , florida , was pronounced dead at the scene .
u.s. and the european union would lift sanctions that have crippled the country 's economy . iran would reduce its stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98 % and significantly scale back its number of installed centrifuges . the deal would include strict verification measures to make sure iran complies .
bobby drake , aka iceman of the x-men , has been part of a wildly popular superhero team since its beginning . in the `` all-new xmen '' storyline , members of the team team travel to the past , as younger versions of themselves . bobby does n't immediately acknowledge that she is telling the truth .
beijing-backed election proposal tabled wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto , describing it as `` ridiculous '' . hong kong has become increasingly polarized over the last few years as the city fights over what kind of political system it should have as a special administrative region of china .
australian prime minister tony abbott called the executions `` cruel and unnecessary '' because both men , andrew chan and myuran sukumaran , had been `` fully rehabilitated '' during a decade in prison . foreign minister retno marsudi said the country had no plans to recall its own ambassador in response .
president abraham lincoln never lost his ardor for the united states to remain united during the civil war . in his second inaugural address he attempted to salve the nation with an eloquent summation of his philosophy and plans for putting it into practice . `` with malice toward none , with charity for all , with firmness in the right as god gives us to see the right , '' he orated , `` let us strive on to finish the work we are in to bind up the nations '
five young men were arrested saturday in melbourne , australia , in what police called a major counterterrorism operation . sevdet besim , 18 , was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act , and was denied bail . the suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week , police said .
in january , president obama condemned the persecution of `` people who are lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender , '' becoming the first president to utter the word in a state of the union address . `` transparent , '' about an aging father who begins living as a woman , won two top awards at the golden globes , while transgender actress laverne cox of `` orange is the new black '' .
south korean defector lee min-bok did n't laugh once when he watched `` the interview '' . he is portrayed in the movie as a katy perry-loving , sensitive soul with daddy issues , clashing with the all-powerful image beamed out by pyongyang 's tightly controlled state media and propaganda machine .
the bible i 'm reading is `` the deluxe catholic bible , '' published in 1986 by world bible publishing . after four days of reading this week , my journal is full of observations and ideas . in the second chapter the earth is again created and man is formed out of clay . my colleague pointed out that even adam 's name is a play on the hebrew word `` adama '' meaning ground .
kim kardashian is the self-taught photography star behind instagram 's most liked photo . the liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to success since his first instagram post in november 2011 . he shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their instagram fan base and take great photos on the go .
james webb space telescope -lrb- jwst -rrb- is intended as the successor to the hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years . it 's going to be a tough act to follow . hubble has returned spectacular images during the past quarter century but also helped scientists discover that almost every galaxy has a massive black hole at its heart .
officer michael rapiejko ran his car into mario valencia in february as the suspect carried a rifle he had just fired in the air . valencia , who flew through this air , survived and faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree that day . his lawyer has said police used excessive force and could have killed a man who was obviously unstable .
south african sculptor jonty hurwitz has applied the same tech wizardry to sculpture that he put into coding a finance site valued at over $ 500 million . the 45-year-old 's `` nano-sculptures '' are made from a mysterious resin -- `` a big scientific secret '' .
the 117 migrants , mostly from sub-saharan africa , arrived in the port of augusta , sicily , around 1p . m. tuesday , after being picked up by the tug 's montenegrin captain , he said , would be thrown away . the tragedy adds to the mounting death toll among those fleeing war and poverty in africa and the middle east .
thomas jefferson is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be . a tiny , 7 square-kilometer parcel of land , marked on maps as gornja siga , its territory abuts the danube on the border between serbia and croatia .
sudan 's female companions , fatu and najin , live at the conservancy , where experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct . the animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards , fueled by the belief in asia that their horns cure various ailments .
the uninitiated , fireball is basically made from canadian whisky , aged in used bourbon barrels , flavored with sweetener and spicy cinnamon . it 's the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in the u.s. as measured by retail sales -- ahead of such venerable labels as jim beam , jose cuervo and grey goose .
a suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern afghanistan on thursday . an afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of khost was among the 64 people wounded . taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack .
the 4-month-old infant of the 17-year-old was taken to sunrise hospital and medical center in suburban las vegas . police arrested the teen mother on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm . a day later , a search warrant was served at the family 's home .
defense and prosecution made closing arguments in the case on monday . dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , faces life in prison or the death penalty for working with his brother to explode bombs at the 2013 boston marathon . `` the defendant brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets , '' assistant u.s. attorney aloke chakravarty said .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , the 21-year-old accused boston marathon bomber , faces life in prison or the death penalty . the jurors sent out two questions , which are scheduled to be addressed when they return to court wednesday morning . tsarnaev 's defense attorney judy clarke tried to persuade jurors that her client 's older brother , 26-year old brother , was the instigator of the marathon plot .
the incident in question took place early tuesday in india 's southeastern andhra pradesh state . forest officials near the town of tirupati spotted hundreds of smugglers cutting trees for red sandalwood . amnesty international said the police were claiming self-defense , alleging the suspects attacked them with stone and axes .
a video shows officer michael slager firing eight shots at 50-year-old walter scott as scott has his back to him . scott , who was unarmed , was struck five times . timeline of events . the fbi is investigating , and once again , a shooting involving police has sparked national outrage .
officer darren wilson said he shot brown after the two struggled over wilson 's gun , and witnesses to the shooting had different accounts of where wilson was , where brown was and whether brown was surrendering or charging the officer . it 's 100 % clear from the video that scott was not posing a threat to officer michael slager when the policeman opened fire on scott as he ran away .
the officer wounded , john moynihan , is white . after the shooting , community leaders in the predominantly african-american neighborhood of roxbury were quick to call for calm . one said the officers were forced to return fire . still , they were glad to see the video released for the sake of transparency .
tulsa police sgt. jim clark , 73 , `` inadvertently '' shot eric courtney harris after harris -- a possibly pcp-addled felon who had days prior sold methamphetamine to an undercover officer . clark attributed bates ' actions to a phenomenon known as `` slip and capture '' .
the former north charleston police officer is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old walter scott . in the first recording , an unidentified officer talks to slager about what might happen . `` once they get here , it 'll be real quick . they 're gon na take your weapon , '' slager says .
tulsa county district attorney stephen a. kunzweiler said bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter involving culpable negligence . it 's a felony charge that could land the volunteer deputy in prison for up to four years if he 's found guilty . harris ' family is demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality .
marana police chief terry rozema was asked wednesday on cnn 's `` new day '' whether police were fortunate that valencia did n't die . video of the incident , recorded february 19 by the dashboard cameras of two marana police cars , shows one of the cars running into a suspect with who had a rifle in the city about a half hour from tucson . the suspect , 36-year-old mario valencia , survived and was hospitalized before being
police have scrambled to stop clashes this week after local residents accused immigrants from other african nations of taking their jobs . the attacks in durban killed two immigrants and three south africans , including a 14-year-old boy , authorities said . about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week because of the violence .
the original group of 105 people left libya on tuesday in a rubber boat . the alleged assailants -- muslims from the ivory coast , mali and senegal -- threw the 12 overboard . other people on the voyage told police they themselves were spared `` because they strongly opposed the drowning attempt and formed a human chain '' .
nypd officer michael rapiejko was with the new york police department from 2003 to 2006 . two years after he left , he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged that luis colon pointed a gun and threatened to shoot him and handcuffed . the charges against colon were dropped six months later .
archie brown jr. , 40 , immediately stopped and got out to tend to the boy . damani 's alarmed family came running , including his older brother , 15-year-old rasheed chiles . soon , two more people would also die : the driver and the teen were both felled by bullets fired by the same man .
the international organization for migrants said monday that there may be three more migrant boats in distress in international waters . that sinking may be the worst in a series of disasters in which migrants have lost their lives on vessels that are too rickety to survive long voyages . maltese authorities , who are working with italian rescuers , said around 50 people had been saved .
baltimore police released the names of the officers involved in the arrest of freddie gray . gray died of a spinal injury sunday , exactly one week after he was taken into custody . among the crowd were members of gray 's family , including his mother . many of the protesters clasped hands , and raised them in a show of support .
freddie gray was taken to a hospital in vineland , new jersey , on sunday , one week after his arrest . gray is far from the only suspect who died under questionable circumstances after he was already in custody . police dispatch recordings include an officer saying white `` tried to grab my gun '' .
at least two people were taken into custody as protesters confronted police , several of whom shouted : `` back up ! '' . gray died sunday , one week after he was arrested by baltimore police . his family said his voice box was crushed and his neck snapped before he slipped into a coma and died .
police in east point , georgia , posted her facebook rant under the name tiffany milan , police said . `` all black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting now , '' said the post made on monday . not only the east point police , but atlanta police -- whose homeland security unit `` worked diligently ... to identify the true identity of the poster and her whereabouts '' .
the unguarded ss city of cairo was sunk by a german u-boat in 1942 . it went undiscovered until 2011 when deep ocean search decided to go looking for it . only a handful of people died as the ship sank but about 100 more passed away during the desperate attempt of the six boats to land .
a ticket at ringside will cost you $ 180,000 -- a knockout price which might have you seeing stars . the most expensive seat on sale through the stubhub website was retailing for a mammoth $ 128,705 . the rest of the estimated 16,500 tickets split between the fighters ' camps and the casino as well as promoters and sponsors .
npr , headquartered in washington , ran its latest update on the urban turmoil that has erupted in the wake of the death of 25-year-old freddie gray . the five-minute piece is urgently introduced with the promise that it will reveal `` what 's really happening in the more troubled neighborhoods of this majority black city '' .
jury selection started in january with 9,000 potential jurors . but the legal wrangling is the case is just revving up . holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others when he allegedly opened fire inside a packed theater during the midnight showing of `` the dark knight rises '' on july 20 , 2012 .
robert boardwine 's friend , joyce bruce , had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant . she thought after she learned she was with child that they should just be friends . she also thought that because they never had sex , she was entitled to be the boy 's sole parent .
jordan spieth beat tiger woods ' record winning score of 18 under par . the 21-year-old is the second-youngest winner to win the tournament . spieth was 155 days younger that year and only the fifth man to have led from start to finish over the tournament 's four days .
denver teacher kyle schwartz passes out post-it notes to her third grade students and asks them to complete the sentence . many of the students she teaches at doull elementary just wish they had something in common with her , that she knew soccer or video games . but sometimes , their wishes bring tears to her eyes , and offer a glimpse of painful struggles in their young lives .
charlotte dujardin and valegro won their second consecutive reem acra fei world cup dressage title in las vegas at the weekend . while their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport , it was still a full 10 percentage points clear of any rival inside the thomas & mack arena .
world 's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached las vegas for this week 's world cup finals . tim dutta oversaw the loading of more than $ 150 million in equine talent onto a qatar airways flight earlier this month . the venue is the thomas & mack center , a stone 's throw from the strip , which had the distinction of being opened by frank sinatra and diana ross in 1983 .
a japan railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour on an experimental track in yamanashi tuesday . the train covered 1.8 kilometers -lrb- 1.1 miles -rrb- on a test track , setting a decisive new world record . by contrast , china operates the world 's fastest commercial maglev on a route through shanghai .
anuradha koirala , who rescues victims of sex trafficking , has a rehabilitation center in kathmandu that is home to 425 young women and girls . her primary facility seems structurally unharmed , all of the children have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks . the public has been warned not to use the main water line due to risk of cholera .
the university of nebraska at omaha is getting a new $ 81.6 million stadium for its hockey , basketball and volleyball teams . voodoo tacos owner eric newton demonstrated the power of the cannon for cnn affiliate ketv . the tacos will start flying this fall , when the school 's new arena is scheduled to open .
nearly 12 million parents in the united states currently are raising kids on their own . when single parents face a devastating illness , everyday needs like cleaning and cooking can become a struggle . jody farley-berens saw the need firsthand , when her childhood friend faced that situation . she helped start a nonprofit dedicated to assisting others in similar circumstances .
nearly one of every three miami-dade county residents living in poverty is under 18 . many schools face high dropout rates , after-school programs are being eliminated and students are failing . those at-risk children are ones that chad bernstein is trying to help through his nonprofit , guitars over guns .
in 2003 , when the massachusetts supreme court became the country 's first to legalize same-sex marriage , less than 30 % of religiously affiliated americans supported gays ' right to wed. . by 2014 , that number had climbed to 47 % , according to a survey conducted by the public religion research institute .
ronen ziv had tickets to travel to nepal for his child 's birth from a surrogate mother , but now he has no choice but to wait in his native israel for news . the country is also a popular spot for israeli couples to have surrogate children , while 10 to 15 surrogate mothers are due to give birth in the coming weeks .
todd kyung-min , a lawmaker with the new politics alliance for democracy , told a handful of reporters that he had been given the information by the south korean national intelligence service . kim is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses or any views at variance with his own .
governor jerry brown ordered mandatory statewide restrictions on water use for the first time in the state 's history . california developed the infrastructure and system of legal rights it uses to distribute water at a time when the population was much smaller than it is today . the new measures are the strongest acknowledgment yet that it just is n't tenable today in a serious drought .
frank jordan took his 35-foot sailboat out in late january and had n't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted by the houston express on his ship drifting in the atlantic ocean . the younger jordan said he had worried about his son , who is an inexperienced sailor , but he held hope because his son had a good boat .
yong soo lee of taegu , korea , was lured by a friend of hers to meet with an older japanese man . the man took the two of them , and three other teenage girls , by train , to taiwan . lee suffered beatings and torture , was infected with a venereal disease .
the marriage apocalypse is coming . talk to any millennial and you can envision an america virtually marriage-free , with everyone happily single . i talked about marriage with a group of journalism students from my alma mater , kent state university . they came to me for career advice , which i gave them , but i also picked their brains about politics , religion and marriage .
new advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet . the volcano has already erupted twice this week , spewing ash to a depth of about 23 1/2 inches -lrb- 60 centimeters -rrb- in some places . in ensenada , houses , trees and even sheep were blanketed gray with ash .
anthony sideri hit rock bottom while wrapped in a dirty blanket on the floor of a jail infirmary bathroom in middleton , massachusetts . he was 25 , shivering , sweating , throwing up and going through the full withdrawals of heroin . the last time he used drugs , the first and only time to fully withdrawal from heroin , he was arrested , and the first time he was only arrested .
nasa earlier said the probe was expected to hit the surface at 8,750 miles per hour and to create an impact crater 52 feet -lrb- 16 meters -rrb- in diameter . the crash was n't visible from earth because it occurred on the far side of mercury . it was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun .
isis documents give a window into the bureaucracy of the self-declared caliphate . classes would resume on 24 dhu al-hijjah 1435 in the islamic calendar . but some subjects would be banned -- democracy and political thought . isis regards pre-islamic artifacts as relics from the ` period of ignorance ' .
the supreme court justices appeared divided tuesday during historic arguments over the constitutionality of gay marriage . supporters and opponents of same-sex marriage rallied outside -- with one protester even interrupting the arguments from within . many questions on tuesday centered around the definition of marriage and whether the decision to authorize or ban gay marriage should be left to voters in individual states .
the information came from two officials with the governor 's office in ibb province , where the school is located , as well as houthi sources from the rebel group that is fighting for control of the country . there were no casualties on the base , the officials said , but it was heavily damaged .
the migrant crisis that has drawn hundreds of journalists to sicily has been brewing for years . almost exactly four years ago , in libya , i caught , a glimpse of what was to come . it was late at night in the besieged city of misrata , hoping to board rickety boats to cross the sea to europe .
italian gaetano cortese , a tall , thin , sunburned 27-year veteran of italy 's guardia di finanza . he declares with a flourish , waving thin sprigs of wild asparagus under my nose . cooking , however , may be a positive distraction from dark memories .
at least 17 people were reported killed on mount everest , where the quake caused multiple avalanches . the death toll of 1,832 is expected to rise as the full extent of the damage is assessed . residents are used to earthquakes in nepal , and many thought the start of saturday 's quake was a tremor .
erica kinsman , a former florida state university student , has filed a lawsuit against the heisman trophy-winning quarterback . kinsman has said winston raped her in december 2012 . in the lawsuit , kinsman alleges sexual battery , false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress .
joseph kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police tuesday night after a citywide curfew had started . several officers in riot gear rushed out of their line and arrested him , just as a humvee passed between the camera and the police . kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation , according to the maryland department of public safety and correctional services .
taylor swift did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer , saying `` i 'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private '' . her mother felt `` perfectly fine '' but went to the doctor for tests anyway `` just to get me and my brother off her case '' about it .
james brady , president ronald reagan 's press secretary , was shot in the head by john hinckley jr. during his attempt to assassinate reagan in 1981 . brady spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair , advocating against gun violence . he died in august .
izzat ibrahim al-douri was the highest-ranking member of hussein 's regime to evade capture -- the `` king of clubs '' in a deck of playing cards used by american troops to identify the most-wanted regime officials . he also was a man thought to have led the post-hussein sunni extremist group naqshbandi army .
chinese president xi jinping and indian prime minister narendra modi are two dynamic leaders at the helm of the world 's two most populous nations . modi took to the stage at new york 's famous madison square garden and received a welcome so rapturous that jon stewart called him `` america 's first modi '' .
kenyan deputy president william ruto gave the united nations ' refugee agency three months to relocate refugees from the dadaab camp . ruto , who is the second highest-ranking person behind president uhuru kenyatta , said his government has had discussions with united nations officials about what to do with the camp .
the nobel committee wrote , when it awarded him the literature prize in 1999 , he confessed that at the age of 15 , in 1943 , he volunteered for military service in germany 's war of aggression and ended up in the notoriously bloody waffen ss . but grass said he had no excuses for his choices back then , and that , as a teen , he may even have been excited about belonging to the unit .
bikram choudhury became a spiritual leader and celebrity icon with a long list of famous followers and friends . now , the bikram brand is in jeopardy , with some yoga studios dropping his name after the guru was accused of rape or sexual assault by six of his former students . he said he would never resort to physical aggression to have sex because he has so many offers .
the u.s. military said this week it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet . in february , the `` smart bullets '' -- .50 - caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors -- passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date . in the tests , an experienced marksman `` repeatedly hit moving and evading targets , '' a darpa statement said . in other words , now you do n't even have to be a good
president vladimir putin cuts an isolated figure , closely guarded behind the walls of the kremlin , traveling to-and-fro by helicopter or high-speed motorcade . his almost daily appearances on state television often show him in formal meetings with subordinates , or visiting dignitaries . it is direct access to the russian leader , or at least as direct as most russians will ever get .
the six protesters used ropes and harnesses monday to scale the huge platform in the pacific ocean . they plan to occupy the underside of the rig 's main deck and say they have enough supplies to stay there for several days . greenpeace is furious over a decision to lift the suspensions on leases to drill for oil and gas in the chukchi sea .
president obama briefly met his cuban counterpart , raul castro , on friday night at a dinner for the dozens of latin american leaders . the meeting was so important that bernadette meehan , national security council spokesperson , issued a statement : `` at the summit of the americas this evening , president obama and president castro greeted each other and shook hands '' .
the solar impulse 2 was supposed to be an overnight pit stop in the southwestern city of chongqing . it 's an unexpected layover that is testing the patience of the pilots and more than 60 team members . just a quarter of the way along a journey that will cover some 35,000 kilometers -lrb- 21,748 miles -rrb- over five months .
police commissioner anthony batts said there are no excuses for the fact that gray was not buckled in as he was transported to a police station . gray was stopped april 12 after a foot pursuit through several housing complexes . the driver stopped a second time `` to deal with mr. gray and the facts of that interaction are under investigation , '' davis said .
the five activists on women 's rights were picked up by police in three different cities just before march 8 . they had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation . police had recommended last week that prosecutors press charges of `` assembling a crowd to disturb public order '' which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison .
spacex tried to land a falcon 9 on the drone ship in january , but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded . spacex has said it will keep trying and , after it masters landing at sea , hopes to someday land rockets on the ground . the smaller , top part of the rocket will carry the dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship and burn up in earth 's atmosphere .
paul nungesser is suing the new york city school for allowing his accuser to publicly brand him a `` serial rapist '' . her case drew national attention after she started carrying a mattress around campus to protest the school 's handling of the complaint . both parties have spoken publicly about their experience .
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of baltimore known for drugs . he `` gave up without the use of force , '' deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez said last week . none of the six officers involved in the arrest described using force against the 25-year-old .
the people of nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide . each day is a struggle in many parts of the country , but there is something you can do to make an impact . we have vetted a list of organizations working in nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts .
u.s. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world 's oceans by boasting the most technologically advanced submarine fleet . however , officials say china and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces . china could match underwater capabilities in the near future .
police officer michael slager shot walter scott as scott was running away saturday night . santana told cnn 's `` anderson cooper 360 ˚ '' he was told to stop using his phone to capture the incident . he has said he feared for his life , which almost kept him from revealing the recording .
william melendez , 49 , was arrested after the january traffic stop on charges of drug possession , assaulting an officer and resisting arrest . police chief vicki yost announced wednesday her resignation , according to inkster city manager richard marsh . marsh would not cite a specific reason for yost 's investigation , though she had been the face of the police department during the investigation into her former officer .
boko haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast by attacking villages , schools , churches and mosques . it has also kidnapped students , including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in april last year . the militants have attacked relentlessly for six years , sending 192,000 people seeking shelter in cameroon , niger and chad .
protesters dressed in the green and yellow of the brazilian flag used decades-old rallying cries to fire up their ranks . it 's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month . most of the politicians accused in the investigation belong to rousseff 's workers party and its allies .
in 2001 , the taliban wiped out 1700 years of history by blowing up ancient buddha statues in central afghanistan with dynamite . the thought of losing a piece of our collective history is a bleak one , but if loss ca n't be avoided , technology can lend a hand . cyark , a non-profit company founded by an iraqi-born engineer , is using groundbreaking laser scanning .
police arrested yuhei takashima on wednesday over allegations he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography in a hotel room in manila , the philippine capital . the pictures were kept in more than 400 photo albums , he said . he told police he continued to pay for sex because it was so cheap .
footage from the patrol car of north charleston 's michael slager shows an initial traffic stop and early interactions between the officer and scott . scott tells the officer he does not have insurance and is in the process of purchasing the vehicle . slager then returns to his patrol car .
franklin county grand jury indicted `` nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft ... and illegal trafficking '' of liquor from two different kentucky distilleries : frankfort 's buffalo trace -- makers of pappy -- and the nearby wild turkey distillery .
jon reiter was safe but shaken by the devastation . he told his wife , susan , about his putting one dead person in a sleeping bag and zipping it up , seeing others killed by the falling ice and collapsing snow . separately , dr. nima namgyal told cnn he has seen 14 bodies so far .
president barack obama met for an hour saturday with his cuban counterpart raul castro . the meeting came as the two countries work to end the cold war enmity that had led to a total freeze of diplomatic ties . both leaders proclaimed progress had been made , a key stumbling block -- cuba 's place on the u.s. list of countries that sponsor terror remained unresolved .
the u.n. general assembly declared march 20 as world happiness day in 2012 . this officially designated happy date marked its fourth year last month . people who live in the happiest countries have longer life expectancies and more social support , experience more generosity . the sustainable development solutions network hopes to encourage governments at every level to measure and improve their people 's happiness .
charleston mayor joseph riley comes by to pay his respects and show support for the scott family . the stress of the past week since scott was fatally shot in the back by a north charleston police officer michael slager is too much . police continue to investigate the incident in which scott ran from his car after a traffic stop then was shot while fleeing from slager .
nearly all the deaths have occurred in the central mediterranean crossing from libya to italy . italian authorities estimate that up to 200,000 migrants in libya are waiting to cross , following 170,000 refugees and migrants who arrived in italy last year . these flows reflect a significant increase in the number of refugees and internally displaced people across the world .
ethiopian government confirmed monday that 30 of its citizens were among the two groups , according to a video released sunday by the terror network 's media arm . the video shows two groups of men , one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black , being killed at different locations in libya .
many of the world 's worst terrorist groups aim to create societies governed by strict , distorted versions of sharia law . that means anyone who does n't subscribe to such extremist views are enemies and in danger -- christians included . of course , christians are n't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations .
mohamed morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison for the torture of protesters outside the presidential palace in december 2012 . but he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters . all 14 co-defendants were also convicted of violence and inciting violence , and all were also acquitted .
the virgin mary church was torched and looted by a mob , some of whom chanted against coptic christians and called for egypt to become an `` islamic state '' . most of those sentenced -- 52 of the 73 defendants -- were tried in absentia , with 21 already in prison .
the body of odin lloyd was found in an industrial park in north attleboro , massachusetts , 22 months ago . days after he was found dead , then-nfl star aaron hernandez was arrested and charged with murder . he also faces murder charges in a 2012 double homicide .
edwin sabuhoro was a warden in rwanda 's volcanoes national park . he volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla . the mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison . he decided to quit the job and come up with an idea to help poachers make a living -- a plan that did n't include killing wildlife .
nbc 's `` a.d. '' sequel to the blockbuster miniseries `` the bible '' and `` finding jesus '' rebroadcast sunday on fox . haaz sleiman , from `` killing jes , '' is the type of men chosen to play christ . they look like men who could be carpenters , if not in nazareth , than at least in the mediterranean neighborhood .
in neolithic times trepanation -- or drilling a hole into the skull -- was thought to be a cure for everything from epilepsy to migraines . but while there is still conjecture about the real reasons behind the mysterious procedure , what is known is that the implement often used to carry out the primitive surgery was made from one of the sharpest substances found in nature .
hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate record store day , an annual celebration of , well , your neighborhood record store . many stores will host live performances , drawings , book signings , special sales of rare or autographed vinyl and other happenings . many of the remaining record stores are succeeding -- even thriving -- by catering to a passionate core of customers and collectors .
the photographers tend to be anonymous ; it 's easy to imagine their work done by the director or cinematographer . their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery : whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business . haas , one of the 20th century 's great photojournalists and image-makers , was also a regular on movie sets .
eric harris , 73 , was shot dead by eric harris on april 2 . bates was working as a reserve deputy for the tulsa county sheriff 's office when he was involved the arrest of harris in a weapons sting operation . the judge granted bates permission to go to the bahamas for a family vacation .
fatu kekula , 23 , was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in liberia when ebola struck and her mother , father , sister and cousin came down with the disease . today , she wears scrubs bearing the emblem of the emory university nell hodgson woodruff school of nursing in atlanta .
ben and shelby offrink were married and raising little maeve , 3 , and baby hazel , 3 months , in caledonia , michigan , when life suddenly turns upside down . shelby says of the back pain and the `` odd '' feeling that prompted her to go to the hospital .
the gowns are among the most vexing parts of being in the hospital . but if efforts by some health systems are an indicator , the design may be on its way out of style . in 2010 , it introduced new gowns after being prompted by the ceo , who often heard patient complaints when he was a practicing heart surgeon .
at least five police cars were damaged by people who smashed windows and jumped on them . mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said that 95 % of the protesters were respectful but a `` small group of agitators intervened '' . twelve people were arrested , police commissioner anthony batts said .
swiss physicist jean-pierre wolf is working on yet another impressive addition to that list : using focused laser beams to affect the weather . it sounds like black magic , but it 's actually a cleaner version of cloud seeding , a form of weather modification that has been used for several years .
yazidis are of kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre-islamic sect that draws from christianity , judaism and zoroastrianism . one of the oldest religious communities in the world , the yazidis have long suffered persecution , with many muslims referring to them as devil worshipers .
dr. anthony moschetto ,54 , pleaded not guilty to all charges wednesday . he was released after posting $ 2 million bond and surrendering his passport . two other men -- identified as james chmela , 43 , and james kalamaras , 41 -- were named as accomplices .
a young girl with a bandaged head and badly blackened eye is rushed into kathmandu 's bir hopital on a wheelchair amid much commotion . blood has collected on top of her brain , in the right frontal area , and she urgently needs surgery to remove the clots . her grandfather has accompanied selena to the capital from panchhkal while her parents take care of her injured brother , who has fractures to both legs .
jackson gordon has a full suit of armor plating , cape and cowl -- matte black and built to stop a knife . in september 2014 he bit the bullet , deciding `` to do another one that would n't inhibit my mobility and would actually provide protection and function more like batman 's actual suit '' .
u.s. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded when isis started seizing swaths of territory a year ago are finally being completed . but they also highlight the unique challenges that isis poses in comparison with al qaeda , which has attracted fewer u.s.-based recruits . in minnesota , nine men have been charged as part of an alleged cell of recruits linked to american abdi nur , who turned up fighting with isis in syria in 2014 .
the magnitude-7 .8 earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people , and the death toll is expected to rise . one witness captured a photo of police officers trying to dig survivors out of a collapsed building . the red cross opened a blood bank in kathmandu , the nepalese capital .
a total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in tikrit . grieving iraqis , apparently not related to the soldiers , gathered to pray over the bodies . the remains will be sent back to baghdad for dna tests to establish identify .
the man , rishi khanal , was saved after a french search and rescue team found him under the rubble on the outskirts of kathmandu . the team used specialized gear that detects signs of life , but it took about 10 more hours for the french team and police officers to dig him out .
eight of mary jane veloso 's fellow death row inmates were put to death by firing squad in a wooded grove on the indonesian island of nusa kambangan . her family was returning from what they thought was their final visit to the prison on so-called `` execution island '' when a philippine tv crew flagged their bus down to tell them of the decision to postpone her execution .
more than 100 people were arrested in new york during a `` nyc rise up & shut it down with baltimore '' rally wednesday night . many wore t-shirts that said `` black lives matter '' demanding accountability for the death of freddie gray . all this comes as protesters demand to know what happened to gray , who was arrested april 12 and suffered a severe spinal cord injury .
denver police report nine arrests in wednesday 's demonstrations . the charges include assault of a police officer , robbery , resisting police , disobedience to lawful orders , obstructing roadways , and interference . a small scuffle broke out between the two front lines and police placed at least 20 people in zip ties in the street .
zuriel oduwole was born in california to a nigerian father and a mauritian mother . aged 12 , she already has four documentaries under her belt . it all started three years ago when she decided to enter a school documentary-making competition with a film about the ghana revolution .
l'hermione is a painstaking replica of an 18th century french frigate . it set sail in france on saturday for virginia to retrace a journey through american history . in 1780 , the original hermione was assigned to a french nobleman who fought as a general in george washington 's army against the british .
nepal is still trying to come to terms with the scale of the disaster . with over 4,400 dead , 8,000 injured and 8 million people across nepal affected . relief organizations say the tarmac at tribhuvan international airport remains jam-packed with a large number of cargo planes .
the suspect allegedly fled by car , foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him . earlier friday , san bernardino sheriff john mcmahon said criminal investigations have begun into the actions of deputies as well as the suspect . ten deputies identified as being involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave .
the sewol sank on april 16 , killing 304 people , mostly high school students who were on their way to a field trip to jeju island , off south korea 's southern coast . a year later , park 's life remains at a standstill . nine have yet to be found .
maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the federated states of micronesia , according to the u.s. joint typhoon warning center . its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the philippine island of luzon on sunday , though the country 's residents could start feeling its effects days before .
katie donovan , from kentucky , read that the boy , dalton prager , was very sick . `` if you ever need a friend to talk to , you can reach out to me , '' she wrote back . like him , she was 18 , and `` my breathing is pretty crappy and i see you are in the hospital '' .
the exodus of christians from iraq started prior to isis -- and the civil war in the mid-2000s took an especially heavy toll . today , most iraqi christians live in kurdish areas in the north , which have been a relative haven of stability . so far , the kurds have been taking heavy losses to defend christian and yezidi minorities against isis .
two african-american candidates won their wards tuesday night to make the six-member city council 50 % black . the city council was predominantly white , as is the police force . supporters of both candidates said that from the tragedy of a young black man 's death , a new day dawned in ferguson .
pope francis risked turkish anger by using the word `` genocide '' to refer to the mass killings of armenians a century ago under the ottoman empire . `` our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies , '' the pope said at a mass at st. peter 's basilica to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the armenian massacres .
north carolina officer michael slager , 33 , was charged tuesday with first-degree murder after firing eight shots at scott , killing him . slager is also now `` terminated '' from the force , north charleston mayor keith summey said wednesday . the video is being dissected frame by frame by authorities and media outlets .
noelle velentzas , 28 , and her former roommate , 31-year-old asia siddiqui , were arrested and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the united states . the complaint paints a picture of a disturbing trend in homegrown violent extremism , according to the complaint .
listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children , frail or elderly people , and others with weakened immune systems . the fda issued a list of the products in the recall . anyone who has purchased any of the items is urged to dispose of or return it to the store for a full refund .
syrian observatory for human rights says isis and the al qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front took control of 90 % of the camp in southern damascus . calling the lives of yarmouk refugees `` profoundly threatened '' on sunday , the united nations relief and works agency issued a statement urging humanitarian aid access .
at least 10 iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks , according to faleh al-essawi , the deputy head of iraq 's anbar provincial council . the northern ramadi districts of albu faraj , albu essa and albu risha were in the hands of isis by the time the day was done .
cnn senior international correspondent arwa damon saw a large mechanical digger packed with explosives that iraqi forces had to disarm . the troops were cautious when they entered buildings in case they were wired to explode . isis was ejected from the palaces compound in fierce fighting , adding that there may still be booby traps .
hillary clinton declared her candidacy , notable among the blitz of news stories are the many that refer to her as the mononymous `` hillary '' . the new york post published an item titled `` lena dunham backs hillary for president '' while gossip site tmz refers to the former flotus , u.s. senator , and secretary of state .
at least three people were shot in separate incidents in ferguson , missouri , on late tuesday and early wednesday as hundreds of demonstrators gathered in support of protests in baltimore . there is a suspect in custody in the latter case : a 20-year-old male from st. louis county .
walter scott , 50 , was also the father of four children and served in the coast guard before being honorably discharged . until it all came crashing down saturday morning , when north charleston police officer michael slager pulled scott over , reportedly for a faulty brake light . at the time of his death , scott owed over $ 18,000 in back payments for two children and had n't made a payment since july 2012 .
red cross calls for an immediate 24-hour ceasefire in battle-torn yemen , saying many more people recently wounded in airstrikes will die if not tended to soon . the call came just before the u.n. security council met late saturday morning to discuss the situation in the arabian peninsula nation .
the students at the ibnu-siina school in northern kenya are getting a so-called `` western '' education , taking lessons in subjects like mathematics , science and english . but it 's an education that al-shabaab is trying to prevent the children from obtaining , according to the head of the school .
ap mccoy won last year 's grand national too . the 40-year-old ulsterman announced he would retire if he won the grand national for the second time in his career . shutthefrontdoor was in the leading group as it negotiated the likes for becher 's brooke and the chair , some of the toughest jumps in racing .
prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed `` powerful sniper fire , machine guns and grenade launchers on innocent men , women and children '' . blackwater workers paul slough , evan liberty and dustin heard were sentenced to 30 year each , plus one day . slough was convicted of 13 counts of voluntary manslaughter , 17 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense .
an unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the capitol early saturday afternoon and shot himself , police chief kim dine said . the unidentified shooter had a backpack and a rolling suitcase that authorities treated as treated suspicious packages . the building and the nearby capitol visitors center were locked down , meaning tourists or any staff could not enter or leave the buildings .
` furious 7 ' producers hired a lockheed c-130 hercules to fly five cars 12,000 feet high , open a cargo door at the rear of the plane and parachute them out in a free-fall stunt . the film makes it appear as if another plane -- a c-17 globemaster iii -- drops the cars .
the passengers were mostly indian nationals , plus yemenis and people from other countries who had been working in yemen 's capital , sanaa . after takeoff , the flight attendants went up and down the aisle offering drinks to the 188 evacuees as if they were on a vacation flight .
the corpses of four al-shabaab attackers -- dressed head to toe in black and still clutching their ak-47s -- remained where they fell . they would call out to each other with the locations of the dead , reducing once promising lives , for the time being at least , to numbers .
the plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its cacique line titled #imnoangel , seeking to `` redefine sexy '' . the campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at victoria 's secret and its very popular angels line , which caters to smaller women .
a grand jury in dallas county , texas , has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of jason harrison . the incident occurred in june , and harrison 's family filed a lawsuit in november . but the officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit .
nasa chief scientist ellen stofan said tuesday during a panel discussion on water in the universe . she said scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies , including the dwarf planet ceres and jupiter 's moon europa . nasa is n't talking about intelligent alien civilizations from the alpha quadrant ; it 's referring to microorganisms .
the dreamworks film centered on the cast of a canceled space tv show who are accidentally sent to a spaceship . tv land 's ` younger ' renewed for second season . robert gordon is expected to write the tv version and executive produce with the film 's director dean parisot , producer mark johnson and johnson 's producing partner melissa bernstein .
a drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of japan 's equivalent to the white house on wednesday . the discovery came on the same day a japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the sendai nuclear power plant in kagoshima prefecture .
new york 's iconic statue of liberty and liberty island will reopen to the public saturday -- one day after a bomb threat was declared unfounded . police declared the scene clear at 3:15 p.m. . other lockers checked as a precautionary measure , the law enforcement source said .
just 126,000 jobs were added , the lowest since december 2013 . wages remain sluggish , but there is wide concern among labor experts and economists that too much job growth is in part-time low-income work . low-wage workers have been the hardest hit since the onset of the financial crisis .
the new south china mall was opened to the public in 2005 in dongguan in the south of the country . the goal was to attract 100,000 visitors a day with an array of entertainment , shops and eateries . outside the mall , a giant egyptian sphinx and a replica of the arc de triomphe were erected alongside fountains and canals complete with venetian gondolas .
a new york police department detective apologized friday for an angry exchange with an uber driver that was caught on video . patrick cherry , an nypd detective assigned to the fbi 's joint terrorism task force with top-secret security clearance , faces suspension , reassignment or loss of his clearance .
brian rogers and caitlin mcguire own the breckenridge cannabis club . the couple started their business as a medical cannabis dispensary in 2010 . when colorado became the first state in the nation to allow the sale of recreational marijuana , they saw a once-in-a-lifetime business opportunity .
brynn duncan , 21 , dons a mask and surgical gloves before disinfecting the area around the tube that 's connected to brynn 's jugular vein . her food allergies change so frequently , keeping track is almost pointless . it was just another day with another massive allergic reaction .
protesters have called for the president to be impeached . on the other side rousseff 's base is holding rallies in her support . most of the politicians accused in the investigation belong to the president 's workers party and its allies . the currency has lost more than 20 % of its value against the dollar this year alone .
the al-shabaab militant group claimed responsibility . as the country mourned the victims , others took to social media to humanize them by sharing their stories . the vigil started with quiet chatter among a crowd of hundreds before mourners went silent and moved toward one end of nairobi 's uhuru park .
president joko widodo has made it clear he intends to show no mercy toward those found guilty of such crimes . april marks a decade on death row for andrew chan and myuran sukumaran for their part in a failed heroin smuggling plot . the 31-year-old chan has been described as his collaborator .
around 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes as a result of the conflict in northeast nigeria between boko haram , military forces and civilian self-defense groups . the campaign has `` leading snapchat artists '' sharing images based on drawings from children in nigeria , chad , niger and cameroon .
the u.s. embassy in jalalalabad is near jalabad , at a regional logistics hub for the afghan police force -- a generous facility that was originally intended to resupply the entire east of the country with uniforms , ammunition , even fuel for vehicles . the intentions , first hatched in 2011 , had tens of thousands of troops and still large ambitions for their war here .
instrahaptics is a young company with a big dream : changing the way we interact with electronic devices . through an emission of sound waves , sensations are projected through the air and to the user . changes in air pressure are perceived as suspended tactile surfaces , creating invisible -- but tangible -- interfaces . facebook 's oculus rift and magic leap are leading the pack , but several other companies are readying devices in a field that could shake the foundations of electronic entertainment .
google maps has been at the center of a few , including a pokemon challenge and a treasure map . twitterers have been tickled by the possibilities , playing pac-man in manhattan , on the university of illinois quad , in central london and down crooked lombard street in san francisco .
aaron hernandez is known for his swagger . should he act any differently when he 's on trial for murder ? when the once rising star for the new england patriots walks into court each day with what appears to be an air of confidence -- or is it bravado ?
laura bernardini and i 'm a director of coverage at cnn , which means i manage our newsgathering and newsroom in washington . i took a scriptures class in 9th grade of my catholic high school , but we moved through that year with only selected passages to journal about .
the app features the latest news about xi and allows users to access the traditional texts that xi quotes from . it even has an interactive map that allows you to pinpoint exactly where he made the speeches . xi is keen to be portrayed as a strong leader and as a man of the people .
stan freberg died of natural causes at a santa monica hospital , his son and daughter , donavan and donna freberg , confirmed to the hollywood reporter . the new york times dubbed him the `` che guevara of advertising , '' and years later , `` weird al '' yankovic called him a major influence on his career .
cynthia cheroitich , 19 , went into a closet , covering herself with clothes . her two roommates hid under their beds , until the gunmen called them out . the student at kenya 's garissa university college did n't see what happened next , but she heard more than enough .
rick santorum says he 'd hoped indiana gov. mike pence would veto the `` fix '' to his state 's religious freedom law rather than limiting its scope . the law unleashed an intense backlash against indiana , led by tech giants like apple and salesforce and sports organizations like the ncaa .
joni mitchell has been hospitalized in southern california . paramedics from the los angeles fire department were called to her home around 2:30 p.m. et tuesday on the report of a medical emergency , spokesman robert hinojosa said . mitchell , 71 , was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997 .
an experienced climbing group from the indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms of waste from the high-altitude camps . the mountain is part of the himalaya mountain range on the border between nepal and the tibet region .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu demanded that any final deal include a `` clear and unambiguous iranian recognition of israel 's right to exist '' . he took his case to the u.s. congress last month , at a time before negotiators had hammered out any sort of agreement over the objections of president barack obama . netanyahu has also called for the removal of sanctions to be tied to the reduction of what he characterizes as iran 's aggression in the region
two passengers were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms ryndam at 11:30 a.m. thursday . the ship left tampa , florida , on march 29 on a 14-day southern caribbean cruise . it 's currently in san juan , puerto rico .
iran 's president hassan rouhani hailed the proposed international deal on his country 's nuclear program . he said his government kept its word to iranians when negotiating the framework deal , which was agreed upon thursday and sets parameters for talks that could lead to a comprehensive deal by a june 30 deadline .
heavy weather is perilous anytime , of course , but cnn meteorologist chad myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night . scattered storms will soak illinois and missouri , and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states . earlier this week , severe weather struck the south . alabama , arkansas , oklahoma and georgia reported large hail .
heavy weather is perilous anytime , of course , but cnn meteorologist chad myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night . scattered storms will soak illinois and missouri , and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states . earlier this week , severe weather struck the south . alabama , arkansas , oklahoma and georgia reported large hail .
in july , sierra sharry and lane smith were just about to become parents . but then smith fell and hit his head . he was taken to the ou medical center in oklahoma city . when it was time for his 6-month pictures , sharry had a special request .
kenya 's politicians and public have struggled with these ideas over and over . but the blood of 147 people slaughtered and 79 more injured , when al-shabaab opened fire at a college campus in garissa on thursday . the number of people killed in the attack is plaguing kenyans with self-doubt .
the man on the phone was offering children with the casualness of a market trader . after a week of back and forth phone calls , his initial caginess had given way to greed . `` we 'd been put in touch with the man through a contact on the ground , '' he said .
in nima , a slum in the capital of accra , families congregate at a local mosque . when the time comes , girls say goodbye to their loved ones and part ways , filing up concrete steps leading up to the floor above . tech entrepreneur regina agyare comes here to teach local teens how to code .
indiana gov. mike pence is the author of the 1993 federal religious freedom restoration act . schumer mocks indiana 's contention that the state law is simply a mirror of the 22-year-old federal law . if you look at the purpose of the law , the language in the federal and indiana religious freedom laws are indeed nearly indistinguishable .
alan dershowitz was accused of having sex with minors with help from billionaire jeffrey epstein . buckingham palace denied the allegations , which surfaced in a court filing in january . marra wrote in the decision that the `` lurid details '' of alleged abuse were unnecessary to determining whether the victims could join the lawsuit .
more than 60 people were rescued thursday from the chilly waters in russia 's far east . the dalniy vostok freezer trawler -- a commercial fishing vessel -- was carrying 132 people , the ministry said . the most likely cause of the shipwreck was collision with an obstacle which damaged the hull .
the deadline to agree on what will be the parameters for an endgame pact on iran 's nuclear program has come and gone with no deal . the whole point of what 's happening in lausanne , switzerland , is to get everyone on the same page about what kinds of things will be discussed .
flight voice recorder aboard germanwings flight 9525 reportedly captured blaring cockpit alarms , warning co-pilot andreas lubitz to `` pull up '' and that `` terrain '' was ahead . but that was not enough to stop the aircraft from slamming into the french alps . if a pilot is incapacitated or ignores audible warnings , the plane 's flight guidance software could take over and plot a course to a safe altitude .
gov. mike pence said on tuesday that the state will `` fix '' the religious freedom restoration act , or rfra , so it will not discriminate against gays and lesbians . pence is making the right call . promoting the false dichotomy between protecting religion versus protecting equality serves no one .
christians the world over -- more than 2 billion of us -- reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our lord . countless lives have been utterly destroyed in nations such as iraq , syria , libya , pakistan , india , egypt , kenya and nigeria .
muhammadu buhari , 72 , won nigeria 's presidential election , defeating incumbent goodluck jonathan by about two million votes . nigeria is significant because it is the biggest economy and most populous country in africa ; it is also one of africa 's largest oil producers .
` furious 7 ' is opening day-and-date around the world on 10,500 screens in 63 territories , save for a few major markets including china , russia and japan . it will mark the largest three-day opening since `` the hunger games : catching fire '' -lrb- $ 158 million -rrb- in november 2013 .
gov. jerry brown imposed mandatory water restrictions for the first time on residents , businesses and farms . the 25 % cut in usage amounts to roughly 1.5 million acre-feet of water -lrb- an acre foot of water equals about 325,000 gallons -rrb- over the next nine months .
mcdonald 's announced that the company is going to raise wages for 90,000 of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers . the announcement only affects 10 % of the mcdonalds restaurants in the united states , ignoring the employees who work at franchised mcdonald ' restaurants .
iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved flags from their sunroofs , blasted music from stereos and chatted online with the hashtag #irantalks . the excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the united states and other world powers that promises to end iran 's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions .
the life-size bronze statue in celoron , new york , has been likened to conway twitty , the snake from `` beetlejuice '' and actor steve buscemi . even mayor scott schrecengost has gone on record saying he does not care for the statue .
dilkhayot kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men -- abdurasul hasanovich juraboev , akhror saidakhmetov , and abror habibov -- were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization . those three have pleaded not guilty .
the moon slipped fully into earth 's shadow at 4:58 a.m. et saturday . the celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before , during and after the total eclipse , giving the moon the appearance that earns total eclipses the `` blood moon '' nickname .
queen elizabeth ii is officially britain 's head of state , but she 's only nominally in charge . she signs off on legislation and appoints new prime ministers but has no real power , so no beheadings but maybe a few disapproving stares . duh , the queen 's country residence -lrb- windsor and maidenhead ; +44 7766 7304 -rrb- , royalcollection.org.uk / visit/windsor
some twitter users went so far as to suggest the black-outs were a warm up for elections scheduled to take place in june . turkey 's veteran deputy prime minister bulent arinc recently observed that opposition supporters now look at him `` with hatred '' rather than the grudging respect he enjoyed when he enjoyed .
the exchanges between the city 's top court clerk and two police officers were discovered during a u.s. justice department investigation of racial prejudice . the emails -- which make offensive references to president barack obama , first lady michelle obama as well as muslims and minorities -- were obtained by the washington post on thursday .
the 47-year-old grandson of j. paul getty , died tuesday afternoon in his home in los angeles . his mother and father also `` requested that members of the media and the public respect -lrb- the family 's -rrb- privacy during this extremely difficult time '' .
andreas lubitz killed everyone on germanwings flight 9525 into the french alps on march 24 . the latest report shows that he sped up the descent of the plane to its doom . his case raises larger and important issues about people who are burdened with mental illness and the pressure of its stigma .
prince harry visited the australian war memorial in canberra , australia , where he will be spending four weeks with the country 's military . some snapped photos of the royal visitor , while one boy held a sign celebrating the prince 's hair color : `` red heads rule ! '' .
kankakee county , illinois , sheriff tim bukowski said saturday about kamron taylor , the 23-year-old convicted murderer turned jail escapee until his arrest overnight in chicago . authorities around illinois had been looking for taylor since early wednesday when he jumped a correctional officer at kanke 's detention center . the guard 's uniform and suv .
the kenyan military began its bombing raids sunday afternoon , targeting the al-shabaab stronghold of godon dhawe , somalia . a local journalist who asked not to be named out of fear for his safety , the military source said monday . it is customary for kenya military sources not to give their names to media .
two years ago , mike premeau and kathy danke launched a small business , memories gourmet pizza co. , in their wisconsin town . but all that was threatened this week when people began mistaking them for memories pizza of walkerton , indiana , which made national headlines after its owners said they would refuse to cater a same-sex wedding .
two bundaberg residents , a 71-year old man and a 64-year-old woman , were each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm . the woman , a licensed trainer , was also charged with obstructing police . the animal rights organization is assisting queensland police in their investigation .
the flight data recorder , or `` black box , '' was found thursday by recovery teams that have spent days since the march 24 crash scouring the mountainside in the french alps . evidence from the plane 's cockpit voice recorder had already led investigators to believe that lubitz acted deliberately to bring down the plane .
prince harry is due to arrive in australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces there . the 30-year-old prince has already spent time with australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career . he will also participate in regular activities like physical training and pack marches .
freddie gray died in police custody 15 days ago after he was arrested on a weapons charge . his death is the latest in a string of high profile deaths involving african-americans and law enforcement . many have demanded answers about what happened to gray and his funeral drew civil rights leaders , politicians , and relatives of others who died in custody .
the remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the university of veterinary medicine vienna -lrb- vetmeduni -rrb- . they were exploring the construction site for a shopping center in the city of tulln in 2006-2007 . the ottoman army had a `` camelry , '' using camels for transportation and to ride .
thomas jordan driver , 25 ; david elliot moran , 47 ; and charles thomas newcomb , 42 , have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate who was getting out of prison . the fbi staged a fake homicide scene with the former inmate and took pictures to show them that he had been killed .
the roller-coaster series of talks wrapped up thursday in lausanne as a group of world powers known as the p5 +1 reached a framework agreement with iran over the country 's nuclear program . but the talks this week were , historic , particularly for the otherwise frozen u.s.-iranian relationship .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn roll call .
the guard came to ferguson to support law enforcement officers , whom many community leaders and civil rights activists accused of using excessive force and inflaming an already tense situation in protests . they broke out after the august 9 shooting of unarmed black teenager michael brown by city police officer darren wilson .
australian foreign minister julie bishop said the deal is `` an informal arrangement '' with an emphasis on tracking australians who go to iraq to fight for isis . over the weekend , bishop became the first australian government minister to visit iran in 12 years , meeting with president hassan rouhani .
a 110-day cat-and-mouse chase spanning from antarctic waters to the coast of west africa had an unlikely end . environmentalist group sea shepherd had been tailing the thunder -- subject of an interpol `` purple notice '' for suspected fraud and fisheries-related crimes . the crew rescued from the ship had been handed over to the sao tome coastguard early tuesday .
the attack follows a separate incident sunday in which three african union troops died in an ambush in the lower shabelle region of somalia . the terrorist group al-shabaab claimed responsibility for monday 's attack , which occurred about 8 a.m. in the administrative capital of the autonomous puntland region .
jason zobott , 16 , is enrolled in huntley high 's blended learning program . it merges internet-based instruction with a more traditional classroom setting . one-third of the school 's 2,700 students are enrolled . in 2015 , the school is working toward enrolling the majority of its students .
charlie hill , now 65 , has provided refuge for hill from facing charges he killed a new mexico police officer and hijacked an airliner to havana . he wants to discuss how for the first time he is considering leaving his safe haven and returning to the united states . hill was a black power militant and said he is still a revolutionary .
illawa passed away wednesday morning in osaka , japan , tadahi uchimura , a local official from the city told cnn . she left behind three children , four grandchildren and six great grandchildren . okawa was born on march 5 , 1898 . the oldest person ever was jeanne louise calment , who died at age 122 in 1997 .
pope francis reminded the world of the vatican 's status as a state and his role as a moral diplomat in his traditional speech given at the end of easter mass . he asked that bloodshed end in iraq and syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need . then he turned to the holy land , expressing the wish that the peace process between israelis and palestinians resume .
duke university students and faculty members marched wednesday afternoon chanting `` we are not afraid . we stand together , '' after a noose was found hanging from a tree on campus . photos of the noose prompted outrage from the community as they were passed along on social media . the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students .
muhanad mahmoud al farekh , 29 , was deported from pakistan to the united states . he 's accused of plotting to fight against american forces abroad , according to a complaint unsealed in u.s. district court for the eastern district of new york in brooklyn .
the terror started with an explosion and gunshots around 5:30 a.m. thursday at the kenyan school 's front gates . at one point , they burst into a room where christians had gathered and took hostages , said lecturer joel ayora . the gunmen separated the students by religion and allowed muslims to leave .
the clash occurred wednesday night at the border in southwestern saudi arabia 's asir region , when militants in a mountainous area on the yemeni side fired on saudi border troops . besides the slain border guard -- identified as cpl. salman ali yahya al-maliki -- 10 others suffered injuries that were not life-threatening .
melanora arthur baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years , according to her attorney . but , her attorney , andrew spinnell said , he and his client have n't been able to find victor sena blood-dzraku to serve him the papers .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn roll call .
natalie bennett of the green party , nicola sturgeon of the scottish national party and leanne wood of plaid cymru , the welsh nationalists , there really was no clear winner . comres for itv , which staged the debate , had cameron , miliband and farage tied first with 21 % .
this page includes the show transcript . use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn news roll call . the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in switzerland , kenya and the pacific ocean .
the al marmoum camel race in dubai is the only gulf national in the cnn team . the camel owners are sitting on the floor , eating the a ` aish , a traditional arabic dish of fish and rice , laid out in front of them . the conversation is all about camels ; the best breeds , famous old champions , training methods , bad losers and potential winners .
nigerian schoolgirls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in chibok , northeastern nigeria . the girls are still missing , and the rest of the world stood as one , rallying around the hashtag #bringbackourgirls . in the early days of their abduction , the nigerian government felt the weight of accountability and was spurred to take greater action .
italian physician dr. sergio canavero says we are approaching heaven -lrb- an acronym for head anastomosis venture -rrb- . the pieces are coming together but there are still many hurdles to jump . he has identified valery spiridonov as the first patient .
gregory margolin was a 16-year-old jewish recruit when he fought the nazis in world war ii . his old uniform is still adorned with medals from his time in the military . his granddaughter liora still marvels at his stories from the war . he is trying to remember all the details he managed to survive .
abdelmalik bedrudin al-houthi and former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh converted to currency , the gold reward would be worth about $ 774,000 . aqap is a bitter enemy of the houthi faction , which is shia and widely believed to be supported by iran .
the islamist militant group al-shabaab is responsible for the attack . two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the two-story building housing the ministry of education , culture & higher education , spokesman abu musab said . five gunmen then entered the building , shooting people inside , witnesses said .
wladimir klitschko has an important title defense coming up , but his thoughts continue to be dominated by the ongoing fight for democracy in ukraine . the 43-year-old has led the ukrainian democratic alliance for reform since 2010 and was elected mayor of kiev in may last year .
anthony ray hinton spent nearly 30 years on alabama 's death row . he spent most of his time locked in a 5-by-7 cell . the only permissible eating utensil was a plastic spoon . hinton was convicted of killing two men but always said he was innocent .
in two years ' time , scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely . that does n't mean that norwegians will be left with radio silence ; they 'll merely have to tune in digitally . according to officials in oslo , many in this nation of 5 million have already made the move .
o.c. marsh first named the brontosaurus in 1879 , after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at como bluff , wyoming , according to the yale peabody museum of natural history . similar to , though not as large as the apatosaurus discovered a couple of years prior , marsh gave the dinosaurs two different names .
doug hughes , 61 , wrote about his intentions and the reasons behind them on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org . `` the point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in dc and more importantly , to present the solution -lrb- s -rrb- to the institutional graft , '' the post says .
the group will work in partnership with the state environmental institute and the secretariat of state for the environment . officials defended the belief that the latest rains caused a temperature change of the water . the incident took place on february 14 and involved professional sailors breno osthoff , 20 , and rafael de almeida sampaio , 35 .
anthony stokes was acting as a stokes family spokesman . in 2013 , the teen 's family told media that an atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as stokes ' `` history of non-compliance '' . stokes lost control of the car , hit a pedestrian and then a pole .
the special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles `` coordinating and guiding '' the battle against houthi forces and fighters loyal to former yemeni president ali abdullah saleh . they also have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment . houthis are battle-hardened guerrilla fighters and could cross into saudi arabia .
dan swangard was diagnosed in 2013 with a rare form of metastatic cancer . to remove the cancer , surgeons took out parts of his pancreas and liver , as well as his entire spleen and gallbladder . if he gets to a point where there 's nothing more medicine can do , he wants to be able to control when and how his life ends .
wayne county prosecutor kym worthy charged mitchelle angela blair with killing her then daughter , stoni ann blair , and her then 9-year-old son , stephen gage berry . the bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on march 24 .
a decade ago , concepts like `` sustainable farming , '' `` animal welfare '' and `` organic food '' were considered fringe . some consumers were beginning to take interest in where their meat and produce came from , public knowledge of sustainable food was limited . some may argue that industrial farming has been a necessity to meet our country 's food needs .
keaton acknowledged in his opening monologue that a lot has changed since he first hosted the comedy sketch show in 1982 . fans who were hoping for a full-blown revival of keaton 's most memorable characters might have been a little disappointed . keaton scored some laughs from the audience as an ad executive who 's not very good at his job .
the collection went under the hammer in new york on march 31 , following a tour of hong kong , paris , london and los angeles . bacall , who died in august 2014 at the age of 89 , first shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film , `` to have and have not '' .
kamron taylor sat in an illinois jail early wednesday morning to hear a jury convict him of murder . when he did , his victim was a correctional officer making his rounds , according to kankakee county sheriff timothy bukowski . where the 23-year-old , who was set to be sentenced in may , is now anybody 's guess .
hatton garden heist is home to `` the largest and most concentrated cluster of jewellery retailers in the uk '' . thieves using heavy cutting equipment and rappelling gear broke into the vault of an esteemed 60-year-old safe deposit company . they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash .
ayatollah khomeini famously said he was `` drinking poison '' when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with iraq . he dragged out the war for eight years despite saddam 's willingness to accept a ceasefire , and thus stabilized the foundations of the islamic republic .
south african police raided a jeppestown hostel tuesday while troops secured the perimeter . defense minister nosiviwe mapisa-nqakula announced the plan to deploy an undisclosed number of troops to areas where police are spread too thin . seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants , many from south africa 's neighbors .
the national and international headlines use `` xenophobia '' as if any one word can convey the multifaceted crisis within which this phenomenon occurs . labeling this turmoil as xenophobic fails to convey the conditions in which african migrants are scapegoated for the persistent legacy of apartheid in the post-liberation era .
after a century of development , half the everglades is dead and the other half is on life support . the army corps of engineers blasted and dug 2,000 miles of dams and dikes , ditches and pipes . a watershed built for 2 million people now supports nearly 8 million , and another 50 million tourists each year .
det. ian cyrus stashing cash in a bag before leaving the yemen deli and grocery store in brooklyn last friday . the detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes . ali abdullah , the store 's manager , noticed the money was gone from a box , but assumed it was taken by one of his employees .
the u.s. is faced with a troubling reality -- we are far too reliant on russian technology to meet our national security obligations . the fact that we rely on russia , currently under sanctions for invading a sovereign nation , should reinforce the need for a change in our current course . the united states should play no part in supporting the defense industry of a country that continues to abrogate the sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbors .
tripadvisor 's travelers ' choice award winners bump ambergris caye out of the top spot . only two more of 2014 's top 10 islands appear on this year 's global list . ko tao , thailand , gained five spots this year , moving up from no. 10 last year to rank ninth .
global capitalism is a juggernaut , with the world economy now doubling in size every generation . yet on a finite earth , that juggernaut is now laying siege to the physical bases of life and the social support systems that make life pleasant and decent . sustainable development offers a path out of this growing crisis .
malala yousafzai released an `` open letter '' to the girls monday . the 17-year-old nobel peace prize winner survived an attack by the taliban . in the letter , she calls on the nigerian government and the international community to do more to rescue the girls .
two african-americans -- ella jones and wesley bell -- were elected to the ferguson city council on tuesday . the skies grew ominous and the radio crackled with warnings of flash floods . this was the first city election since white police officer darren wilson shot and killed unarmed black teenager michael brown last august .
this year 's norouz , the persian new year that started on march 21 , will be a superb one indeed . although edgy hardliners may now try to play games and complain the preliminary agreement is not what they had hoped , for many people it shows excellent progress and that 's what they want .
eight iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with pakistan , iranian state media reported . ali asghar mirshekari , the deputy governor of iran 's sistan-baluchestan province , claimed responsibility for the attack . iranian officials have reportedly asked pakistani authorities to catch the surviving assailants .
the `` star wars : rogue one '' movie will take place in between `` episode iii : revenge of the sith '' and `` episode iv : a new hope '' . the movie wo n't begin shooting until this summer so the footage shown in the teaser -- including a glimpse of the death star .
andreas lubitz , 27 , passed his annual pilot recertification medical examination in summer 2014 , a german aviation source told cnn . investigators in germany and france are not yet ruling anything out . much attention has focused on the state of mind , with suggestions he may have had mental health issues .
barney frank was the first member of congress to marry someone of the same-sex while in office . when someone in the audience asked his thoughts about a current ballot proposal that would legalize killing gay people , he said he was n't aware of the measure but told the young man not to `` worry yourself about the crazy people '' .
yarmouk , the largest palestinian refugee camp in syria , was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the arab-israeli conflict . the camp , which sits just 6 miles from central damascus , has been engulfed in fighting between the syrian government and armed groups since december 2012 .
the death toll there has doubled in a year 's time , if an opposition group is right . since civil war broke out there , 310,000 people have been killed , the syrian observatory for human rights said thursday . the year before , the united nations put the death toll at 70,000 .
china 's cybercensors have long used a `` great firewall '' to block its citizens from reading critical articles from western news websites or consuming other content it disapproves of . but it 's no longer enough for them , says a study published friday . they 've developed a new it weapon and have attacked servers outside their borders , including in the united states .
saudi brig. gen. ahmed asiri said sunday that airstrikes had decimated the houthis ' central command by targeting their communications . hadi still claims he 's yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the saudis and other allies to return to his country .
a 37-year-old arab motorist from east jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop in the french hill section of the city . one victim , identified by police as shalom yohai cherki , 26 , died at the hospital . the driver has been arrested and is under investigation by the general security services .
kalashnikov , 52 , was a member of the party of regions , the former ruling party in ukraine , and was close to yanukovych . a day later , journalist oles buzyna , 45 , was killed near his home by shots fired from a dark blue ford focus .
more than 200 nigerian girls were kidnapped from their school a year ago . charles alasholuyi was one of the top twitter hashtags of 2014 . the father-of-three has taken time since the girls went missing to hold up a sign featuring the #bringbackourgirls hashtag .
the country joined several of its south american neighbors in allowing the unions when president michelle bachelet enacted a new law on monday . the new law will take effect in six months . it will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex and between a man and a woman .
the saudi-led coalition has destroyed air defense systems of the houthis and supporters of yemen 's longtime president ali abdullah saleh . saudi arabia 's navy now controls all yemeni ports , allowing only closely watched non-military medical goods to pass its blockade .
prosecutors allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 boston marathon bombing , which left three people dead and more than 260 others injured . tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev . the defense argues that he was influenced and enlisted by his older , self-radicalized brother to commit acts of terror .
the u.s. embassy in nairobi said al-shabaab militants have claimed responsibility . the terrorist group has been behind numerous attacks in the region . it has been blamed for attacks in somalia that have killed international aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and african union peacekeepers .
rabea darduna , owner of the door , filed a complaint with a gaza court stating that , without realizing its value , he sold the door for just $ 175 u.s. . the iron door will remain in the possession of the khan younis police in southern gaza until a court hearing at a date yet to be determined .
on april 19 , 1995 , timothy mcveigh detonated a massive truck bomb in front of the murrah federal building in oklahoma city . the attack killed 168 men , women and children , injured hundreds more , and remains the deadliest act of domestic terrorism in u.s. history . the public became aware of the true danger of the extreme right .
university of cape town students took to social media to demand cecil rhodes ' statue come down . using the hashtag #rhodesmustfall , students expressed their views in a campaign that started last month . the university said wednesday the heritage authority granted it permission to remove the statue from the campus .
london ambulance service said at peak they were dealing with over 600 calls per hour which is more than three times the average of 180 . staff were answering 10 calls every minute just after midnight and 55 people in the capital were taken to hospital . the busiest hour was between 2am and 3am when 638 calls were answered .
david moore , 25 , went berserk with road rage after leaving his home only to immediately find himself bumper-to-bumper on a heavily congested street . rafal cegielka , 45 , was picking up his child from st john 's primary school , in burnley , lancashire . moore punched mr cegka through his open car window , and punched him . he then ripped away a fencing panel from a nearby garden and chased the
uefa has announced it has opened disciplinary proceedings against the georgian football federation -lrb- gff -rrb- after fans twice invaded the field of play during sunday 's 2-0 defeat by germany . european football 's governing body is also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks while a string of safety breaches . play was halted twice at the boris paichadze stadium due to georgia fans arriving
spain beat spain 2-0 at the amsterdam arena on tuesday night . centre back stefan de vrij and midfielder davy klaassen scored first-half goals in the morale-boosting victory . guus hiddink slammed the home fans for booing iniesta .
the fa will then charge # 250 for an initial one-year registration period . already established licensed agents were exempt . fifa recommendations include national associations registering only intermediaries of ` impeccable character ' , all deals annually published online , agents ' fees limited to three per cent and no monies earned by them for negotiating deals for players under 18 .
gerard pique 's side lost 2-0 to holland at the amsterdam arena on tuesday . they became the first team to inflict two defeats on del bosque since he took over in 2008 . the gruff 64-year-old had used the match to try out several new faces .
simon mignolet was dropped ` indefinitely ' by brendan rodgers . the belgian told how he tried to remain upbeat despite the disappointment at being axed . the 27-year-old belgian has kept six consecutive premier league clean sheets away from home . migneylet replaces brad jones during a match against burnley on boxing day last year .
twitter user arke usa from bryant , arkansas , filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool . footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed , with many cracking as they hit the ground . despite it being around 80-degrees , the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt .
maksims uvarenko has not been paid by cska sofia since january . the latvian goalkeeper has been impressed by the ` unique ' fans . cska have already issued a plea to fans to provide emergency backing to avoid expulsion from the bulgarian top division over debts .
ulrike berger , 44 , is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old kaia . but on march 22 , a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit , they are believed to have boarded a plane to europe . police say the pair were last seen at berger 's home in boerun hill , brooklyn , at 10am on march 21 .
nine members of the liana 's ransom were scooped up by coast guard life boats on tuesday , leaving the canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of portland . the tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on monday , and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast . two lifeboat crews were dispatched from gloucester , massachusetts , to try and tow the vessel to shore , but 10-foot swells caused a
the detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin . while battling for the puck , ottawa 's mark stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc . miller exited the ice under his own power before medical staff rushed him to receive treatment , including stitches .
the incident happened last saturday in nanchang , the provincial capital of jiangxi in southeastern china . the 12-year-old boy most likely fell while sleepwalking , according to his father . doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries but his leg was hurt .
rahul kumar , 17 , clambered over the enclosure fence at the kamla nehru zoological park in ahmedabad . he began running towards the animals , shouting : ` today i kill a lion ! ' . mr kumar fell into a moat as he ran towards the lions and could be rescued .
incident happened on a road near the coastal city of salé , morocco . about half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle . one of the back doors is left open and the van is seen veering across both lanes of the road . seconds later , it can be seen crashing down on to its side sending the men flying .
hina shamim , 21 , died close to the university of kingston in london . she was ` much-loved and the most charming lovely girl in the world ' . eight others , including five children , were injured in the crash . witnesses said that the white bmw m3 sportscar knocked her down .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium . the reading supporter did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back . sumner said he has no regrets about the incident , saying he had done it for ` laugh ' .
a huge fire rips through bone dry heathland near the south coast . it came after days of storms lashed britain , with trees shut . but the 70 hectare area of dorset was tinderbox dry as much of it is on a hillside and water had run off down the slope .
michael thorpe was convicted of showing a premier league game without having an agreement with official broadcasters in november 2006 . he said he could not afford to pay sky tv 's rates for football matches and opted instead to show albanian transmissions of matches . but he was convicted , fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago when screening the matches was still treated as a criminal offence .
the wildlife creature was relaxing in the kruger national park in south africa with its family by a small pool of water . in a gesture captured on camera , the african elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave . the huge creature then begins to size up the bull , which is clearly unperturbed by the actions of the elephant and carries on drinking .
the images were taken in jervis bay , the south coast of nsw , as the neon glow illuminated one of australia 's popular beaches . photographer andy hutchinson described the sight as a ` beautiful supernatural scene ' caused by millions of plankton omitting light . a similar display was shown in sydney 's manly beach back in august 2014 .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion during the royals ' fa cup 3-0 quarter-final replay win over bradford city last month . the reading fan did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back . sumner is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .
filipe luis insists he wants to stay at chelsea until the end of his contract . atletico madrid manager jose mourinho is refusing to let his league leaders rest on their laurels until the job is done . the defender played in brazil 's friendly wins against france and chile .
england have been drawn with the republic of ireland , holland and italy in group d of the uefa under 17 european championships . the tournament will take place in the east bulgarian venues of burgas , sozopol , sliven and stara zagora between may 6 and 22 .
the irish football association is hoping that structural damage at its windsor park home in belfast will not jeopardise the staging of the team 's crucial euro 2016 qualifier against romania in june . northern ireland 's 2-1 win over finland on sunday evening was sealed off as structural engineers carried out an assessment of the damage .
the pair were caught on camera at langham creek high school , in houston on tuesday . the mother , who has not been identified , was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter . at one point the student 's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape .
photographer yûki aoyama 's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air . in each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose . the images see the fathers pull energetic poses despite their age with some of the expressions of the older fathers looking slightly pained .
brittany huber and john redman were involved in a car crash just days before their wedding last spring . redman survived , but his body was left shattered and he was told by his doctors that he was likely to spend the rest of his life in a nursing home . on march 24 he helped lead his team to a championship title .
the incident occurred at el centro college and was captured on cell phone by student charles adams . adams was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last wednesday . the school reportedly wo n't say why the teens were stopped and frisked , but the student will filmed the incident has said he believes the officers totally overreacted .
a passenger filmed the driver on a bus in auckland , new zealand . in the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion . ritchies coach andrew ritchie said he was embarrassed by the ` idiot ' driver 's actions .
the robbery took place at 12.30 pm at a lloyds bank branch in fairwater , cardiff . detectives have issued cctv images of the suspect , who is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing . detectives said no one was injured during the robbery and they were ` confident ' the public would be able to identify the suspect .
winston reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by chelsea on march 4 . the new zealand defender returned to full training during the international break . enner valencia missed west ham 's last two games against arsenal and sunderland following a bizarre toe injury at home in mid-march .
liverpool captain steven gerrard is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years after recovering from injury . lucas leiva was an unused substitute in the defeat by manchester united immediately before the international break . the brazilian is hoping to slot back in seamlessly after injury halted what was turning into a good season personally .
asmir begovic has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the britannia stadium . stoke chief executive tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of begovic as he enters the final of his contract . begovic 's deputy jack butland recently extended his contract until 2019 .
jason denayer has impressed on loan at celtic this season . the 19-year-old recently won his first international cap for belgium in a euro 2016 qualifier against cyprus . ronny deila 's development can act as a perfect advert to encourage more emerging talents to take their next career step at parkhead .
the court of arbitration for sport has lifted morocco 's ban from the next two editions of the african cup of nations . the north-african nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments and was fined $ 1 million by the caf . the caf also demanded a further $ 9 million in compensation .
chinese property conglomerate dalian wanda group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of spanish champions atletico madrid . the purchase was formalised at an extraordinary general meeting on tuesday . the deal was initially announced in january but two egms were needed to ratify the deal .
simon mignolet returned to england after serving on international duty with belgium in euro 2016 qualifiers against cyprus and israel . the 27-year-old was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps in either , with chelsea stopper thibaut courtois preferred instead . liverpool host arsenal at the emirates on saturday .
ian murray believes rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in . rangers still have two matches to play against title winners hearts , including sunday 's match at ibrox . the leith side are currently level on points but having played a game less . murray 's dumbarton side are unbeaten in the championship this season .
italy required a late goal from eder to rescue a 2-2 draw against bulgaria last saturday . antonio conte insisted his return to turin prompted ` very fond memories ' . conte guided juventus to three serie a titles before taking over as italy boss in august .
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy on tuesday night . the 23-year-old has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene . three lions manager roy hodgson has kept faith with townsend .
the clip , uploaded to facebook today , show an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of african descent . the woman then appears in her neighbour 's front yard , verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them . the men then pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out .
deva joseph , 14 , was told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to spain . she offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one . the teen said her pleas fell on deaf ears .
gordon robson , 26 , hit father john potts , 45 , in the back of the head . he had been drinking at the bar after being a pallbearer at his grandfather 's funeral . mr potts ' widow sarah said his death had a ` devastating impact ' on the family .
chyknell hall estate , near bridgnorth , shropshire , is on the market for # 6million . its centrepiece , the 11-bedroom property was built in 1814 and has only changed hands twice since . it is thought the regency home could now attract a-list buyers as the secluded grounds offer residents complete privacy .
borussia dortmund and bayern munich are set to continue their domestic domination this term . this time , the two giant antagonists of the german game meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them in the standings . jurgen klopp insists their league position after the klassiker is not his biggest concern .
kilmarnock interim manager gary locke has been given the role on a permanent basis . the 39-year-old has lost just once in seven games since taking over at rugby park . locke took control of the club when his ex-tynecastle team-mate quit at the start of february .
the sleep health foundation have released a study reporting that 30 percent of australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis . the average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine . any less than six or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person .
police in oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after edward west , 59 , allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun . just then , a stranger on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man 's hands , allowing the teens to escape . west was arrested and charged with menacing , harassment , and unlawful use of a weapon .
arsenal beat arsenal 2-0 in the women 's super league on thursday . laura bassett and alex greenwood appeared to mess things up . the former notts county star was awarded a free kick on the edge of the box . arsenal hit back to equalise late on and rescue a point .
jose luis gaya has joined manchester city , arsenal and chelsea . the 19-year-old left back is an attack-minded left-back who likes to get forward at every opportunity . jordi alba and juan bernat came before him at valencia earlier this season .
ron vlaar starred in holland 's run to the semi finals in brazil last year . the 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer and will face his former international boss when villa travel to old trafford on saturday . aston villa boss tim sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth .
the girls of the 27th march huizhou integrated high school are being trained by former special forces solider inspector tan . every female student undergoes some form of self-defence training . the girls are all encourage to shout ` kill , stab , slash and jab ' while they work their way through their paces .
the five-year-old child is called mai zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old . his incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad china . others feel ashamed of their own basketball skills in comparison to the kid .
rotherham beat rotherham 1-0 at st andrews in the sky bet championship . robert tesche and clayton donaldson scored for the hosts . rob kiernan 's clumsy handling of derbyshire near the hour mark saw the former city forward go down in the box only for referee dean whitestone to wave away appeals .
aston villa host manchester united at old trafford on saturday . randy lerner is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer . aston villa manager tim sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks . villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th .
southampton boss ronald koeman will wait for a more accurate date for fraser forster 's return before deciding whether an additional goalkeeper must be signed in the summer . forster underwent knee surgery after falling awkwardly in southampton 's 2-0 victory over burnley a fortnight ago . the england goalkeeper has undergone surgery but will be out for several months .
jason denayer has impressed for celtic on loan this season . city boss manuel pellegrini has confirmed the club are looking to invest in homegrown talent . denayer falls into this category despite hailing from belgium - making him all the more attractive to city next season .
ronny deila says celtic will not risk their champions league aspirations . the norwegian blamed last summer 's money-spinning programme of games in the united states , austria , germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to legia warsaw . deila insists he has the blessing of chief executive peter lawwell .
virgil van dijk has been in fine form for celtic . holland 's national team have already conceded more goals in five euro 2016 qualifiers than they lost in the entire qualifying campaign for the last world cup . ronny deila denies this , using jason denayer 's belgium debut against israel by way of a counter argument .
celtic have hit out at the sfa over ticket prices for their scottish cup semi-final against inverness this month . the game 's governing body has already come under fire from caley thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15 pm on sunday , april 18 . now the parkhead club have made their feeling known after ticket prices were set at # 23 for the north and south stands .
david alaba was injured while playing for austria in their 1-1 draw against bosnia-herzegovina on tuesday . alaba had been in superb form for bayern since his comeback . the 22-year-old is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month .
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock 's permanent manager on friday . the 39-year-old paid tribute to the players whose efforts have helped him win favour with new chairman jim mann since he replaced allan johnston on a caretaker basis in february .
rangers interim chairman paul murray insists the actions of previous boardroom regimes were ` solely ' to blame for the club 's stock exchange removal . the ibrox outfit will be forced to delist from the alternative investment market . sandy easdale claiming the shareholder group he heads is considering legal action .
wayne rooney and his england team-mates were upset by the uninspired way they started in italy on tuesday night . the three lions faced the azzurri once more in a glamour friendly at the juventus stadium . half-time brought with it renewed enthusiasm and england dominated the second period .
arabtrust and the federation of dundee united supporters clubs say they are ` shocked ' that 25 per cent of # 6.3 million worth of transfer fees for ryan gauld , andrew robertson , stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties . the supporters groups also disputed chairman stephen thompson 's alleged level of investment in the club .
ronny deila has confirmed hearts captain danny wilson features on a list of celtic 's summer transfer targets . the scottish champions are considering a # 400,000 offer for the former rangers and liverpool defender . wilson is out of contract at the end of the season but hearts are in no rush to sell .
livingston boss mark burchill believes darren cole will play in sunday 's petrofac cup final . cole was found dead in a miami street last weekend and is thought to have been the victim of a hit-and-run driver . the 23-year-old was granted time off by the championship side as they prepare to face alloa in their first national final in 11 years .
hull kr have plugged the gap created by the loss of front row pair michael weyman and ryan bailey with the capture of experienced australian forward dane tilse . tilse will link up with his old canberra team-mate terry campese . the raiders have agreed to release the 6ft 7in forward and only paperwork delays his start for the robins .
would-be drug smugglers were roasted when police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb . it is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at darwin airport , and would then be sent on to the tiwi islands 100kms to the north . the stash would have been worth $ 2000 if it had been sold .
alan smith has rubbished claims that liverpool fans attacked the ambulance he was travelling to hospital in following the aftermath of his horror injury . smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle while attempting to block a john arne riise free-kick during manchester united 's fa cup fifth round exit nine years ago . reports circulated that fans tried to disrupt smith 's journey to hospital by throwing bottles , beer glasses and stones at the ambulance as well as rocking the vehicle
davon durant , a promising linebacker at asu , was arrested on domestic violence charges after his girlfriend of 18 months , kelsi langley , claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck . following his arrest , durant was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion . she said that mood swings made her lie about being assaulted .
justin verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with verlander 's name and jersey number , 35 , on the back . the pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 instagram followers writing : ` love having my fans support !! this little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around ' .
franck ribery has dismissed reports linking kevin de bruyne with bayern munich as a potential replacement for the club 's veteran forwards . the 23-year-old has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league 's assist charts with 16 -- seven more than the next best . the wolfsburg playmaker , here in action for belgium against israel , has 16 assists and nine goals .
eden hazard has admitted an intense campaign with chelsea may have left him too tired to perform at his best . the 24-year-old was substituted with 28 minutes in belgium 's 1-0 win over israel in jerusalem on tuesday night . hazard has played 48 games this season for club and country .
clarke carlisle said he had ` moved out of the marital home ' in yorkshire . he tried to kill himself in december , two days after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving . the 35-year-old father-of-three stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the a64 near york in de december .
cesc fabregas was one of the worst players on the pitch again in chelsea 's 2-0 defeat by holland on tuesday . the 27-year-old spoke of his happiness in south west london earlier this week but his form has significantly dipped from that of the player who , around christmas , looked a dead-cert to break the barclays premier league record for assists .
paul merson has admitted he was wrong to criticise the england call up for andros townsend . the tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser with a stunning strike in tuesday 's 1-1 draw with italy . townsend later tweeted to his 285,000 followers : ` not bad for a player that should be nowhere near the squad ' .
michael mcindoe played for bristol city and wolverhampton wanderers . the 35-year-old lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a huge 20 per cent return . but the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the winger was declared bankrupt in october last year with more than # 2million debts .
britons spend an average of # 62 a week on rewarding themselves . treats can range from as little as a bar of chocolate or a glass of wine . surprisingly , men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves . shoppers of swansea are most frivolous , with 44 % splurging .
five men and one woman detained at approximately 8am this morning . four of the men , all in their 20s , are from birmingham , west midlands . a 26-year-old man and a woman of no fixed abode were also held . searches are taking place at a number of addresses in birmingham .
the black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the clarence j. brown dam and reservoir in springfield , ohio . he apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear . first responders were unable to get a boat out to him because the river was too shallow .
charlie austin has had a premier league debut season to remember . the striker is being touted as a possible england debutant in the future . the 25-year-old says qpr ca n't afford to lose their next two games . click here for all the latest qpr news .
arsenal manager arsene wenger reveals his frustrations during a premier league match in march 2011 . wenger says the rules of the game must be structured to favour the best or we are not in a competition anymore . fa chairman greg dyke 's idea of increasing the number of homegrown players in a squad of 25 from eight to 12 .
the video was captured in wangaratta , northeast victoria . it begins with the man approaching his black holden ute and spraying the door with an insect repellent . but the man appears less composed when the hairy huntsman 's legs pop out , yelping and cowering back in fright .
south sydney hooker issac luke will be investigated by the nrl after posting a homophobic slur on instagram . the 27-year-old had intended to donate a jersey ahead of the easter long weekend as a gesture to make up for the incident that left the boy hospitalised . but the good samaritan is now under investigation over an alleged homophobic slur .
residents of celoron , n.y. , say a statue of hometown icon lucile ball is ` monstrous ' . the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes . artist dave poulin has declined comment on the controversy surrounding his work .
steven whittaker played redmond in down the right touchline . bradley johnson fired home a second-half winner at the amex stadium . norwich striker cameron jerome is brought down by brighton captain gordon greer during the clash . redmond 's natural acceleration saw him spectacularly outpace joe bennett and his low cross was fired high into the net .
james oliver , 48 , was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by linda currier , 53 . police report that they found oliver in the driveway of a home in noblesboro , maine , on saturday night . currier allegedly hit oliver with the car - he was taken to hospital . oliver was previously convicted of sexual abuse of a minor and rape .
massimiliano allegri has admitted he does not expect to be fully embraced by the team 's fans until he steers the club to a title . juve are 14 points clear of roma at the top of the serie a with 10 games remaining . carlos tevez scored twice as juventus cruised past borussia dortmund .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has likened harry kane to gabriel batistuta . kane moved to within two strikes of the 30-goal barrier for the season . the argentina international scored on his full international debut some 79 seconds after coming on against lithuania .
juventus director pavel nedved has revealed barcelona are interested in bringing paul pogba to the nou camp . the czech star has been linked with a move to paris st germain this summer . paul played a major role in helping juventus clinch their third successive scudetto last season .
liverpool target neto is also wanted by psg and clubs in spain . the reds were linked with a move for the 25-year-old earlier in the season . neto 's agent stefano castagna claims neto will have his pick of top european clubs when the transfer window re-opens in the summer .
youtube user richard stewart showing a porsche cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on prince edward island in canada . the sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median . a wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt .
lance corporal riki hughes stole # 17,000 from tidworth town football club . he claimed to be making rent payments to the club 's landlord . the 31-year-old spent the money on himself , including camping equipment and a stag holiday to las vegas . hughes , from andover in hampshire , has been working as a telecoms engineer since he left the army .
sunderland host newcastle united at stadium of light on sunday . lee cattermole will return after serving two-match ban for reaching 10 bookings for the season . massadio haidara will miss sunday 's derby trip to sunderland and will not play again this season .
rory mcilroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world . the northern irishman heads to augusta for the first time since he threw his 3-iron in the lake at the wgc-cadillac championship in march .
sergio garcia insists he is focused on winning his first pga tour title since 2012 at the shell houston open . the golf club of houston is set up to try to replicate some of the conditions the players will face at augusta . garcia finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut .
johnny sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with racing metro this season . the 29-year-old established himself at senior level , 2010 stands alone as a year without substantial reward . ireland face saracens in european champions cup quarter-final on sunday .
mustafa kamal resigned as icc president on wednesday . he accuses india of influencing the outcome of the match using its position in the icc . icc chairman narayanaswami srinivasan handed over the trophy to captain michael clarke after australia 's victory .
ben davies will allow no room for sentiment up against wales team-mate sam vokes at burnley on sunday . spurs head to turf moor looking to sustain a decent run following just one defeat at manchester united . burnley are scrapping for survival , currently 18th , but just a point from safety .
sam allardyce has defended nigel pearson and admires the leicester city boss for being ` his own man ' . pearson has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season , including grabbing crystal palace 's james mcarthur by the throat . the pair will be reunited when west ham face leicester on saturday .
newcastle face sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday . john carver says he will use a whip if he has to in a bid to motivate his players to play in a premier league match . the magpies have lost the last four matches against north-east rivals and head coach carver .
newcastle united host sunderland at the emirates stadium on sunday . dick advocaat 's side are struggling at the foot of the premier league table . john carver 's team would be two points adrift of their foes in the relegation zone if it were n't for cisse 's goals .
sunderland face sunderland in the derby of light on sunday . john o'shea wants a fifth straight derby win against newcastle . the black cats have won the last four meetings , but in grave need of three points to ease themselves away from the developing battle for barclays premier league survival .
mark hughes says his side must end their barren run at chelsea . the potters have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season . hughes has seen his 10th-placed side notch victories at the likes of manchester city and tottenham already this term .
dick advocaat will welcome lee cattermole back to the heart of his sunderland team . the 27-year-old enforcer has missed the last two games through suspension after reaching 10 bookings for the season . he has once again missed a significant proportion of the campaign to date through injury .
uefa confirm their ` cash cycle ' for the next three years of european competition . the last time celtic reached the champions league group stage , in 2013-14 , they won one match and earned # 12.6 m . if they reach the last 16 , the figures crash through the # 20m barrier .
celta vigo forward nolito has declared that lionel messi should hit the spanish coast on sunday instead of risking his foot injury . messi was forced to sit out both of argentina 's friendlies during the international break . the 28-year-old has been training following a minor problem .
neil redfearn is considering his position as manager of leeds united . leeds took two months to appoint thompson but he was told in a letter from director of football nicola salerno yesterday morning that he was be suspended until the end of the season . thommo was informed this morning through a letter .
robbie neilson insists the likes of captain danny wilson will only leave hearts if he is satisfied it 's right for the club . celtic have placed former rangers defender wilson on a list of potential summer recruits . the tynecastle coach says departures will only happen on his say-so if the price is right .
david templeton has delivered a damning critique of the training-ground methods deployed at rangers by ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall . ibrox winger claimed stuart mccall had brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management .
liverpool signed raheem sterling from liverpool for # 100,000-per-week . brendan rodgers is keen to keep hold of one of the club 's best players . allardyce believes giving sterling a bumper deal could cause a ripple effect across the rest of the liverpool squad .
jonas gutierrez is preparing to face sunderland in the fourth game . the argentinian has appeared as a substitute in each of the magpies ' last three games following his return from testicular cancer . the 31-year-old has finished on the losing side on each occasion .
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr . the 25-year-old had a spell with inverness caledonian thistle in 2011 . the tangerines are preparing for life in league one next year . click here for all the latest blackpool news .
arsenal legend ian wright would be disappointed to see theo walcott leave north london , and believes his troubled times at the club are down to arsene wenger 's refusal to play him as a striker . walcott has made just five starts for arsenal this season since returning from a serious knee injury after seven months on the sidelines . wright also believes the england wideman should have been moved into a similar position for his country .
raheem sterling has been offered a # 100,000-a-week deal to stay with liverpool . the 20-year-old wideman edged closer towards anfield exit after revealing he would have signed for a lot less a year ago . sterling has managed just six goals this season .
patrick roberts was on target for england 's young lions against france . sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet put the hosts in command . sean o'driscoll 's team have missed out on this summer 's european championship finals in greece .
roberto martinez is backing ross barkley to become an even more influential player for everton and england . barkley has had an indifferent campaign for the toffees on the back of his inclusion in last summer 's england world cup party and a knee operation which disrupted his return to domestic duty . the 21-year-old impressed after coming off the substitutes bench during england 's 1-1 draw in turin .
tony pulis is plotting talks with west bromwich albion chairman jeremy peace . the hammers finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season . pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market .
former england captain kevin sinfield has been warned he will be a ` target ' when he makes the switch to rugby union at the end of the season . sinfield will join the rhinos ' sister club yorkshire carnegie on an 18-month contract . the 34-year-old has a word of warning for his former team-mate .
nrl referees and officials have been struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between south sydney and canterbury ended in controversy . fans turned on referee gerard sutton and his colleagues after they penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute . as referees , officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time , a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them .
the clip was filmed by the creative agency leo burnett toronto for the homeless charity humans for humans . it is designed to make people think twice about the way that they look at people who sleep rough . many of the people break down in tears as they read comments like , ' i hate the homeless , i do n't feel sorry for you ' .
brighton and hove albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent . part of the training is said to involve players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters . the championship club , who play at the amex stadium , are the first to provide such training .
george boyd is the barclays premier league 's hardest working player . the burnley winger clocking up 210.5 miles on the pitch this season . boyd has run the distance between burnley 's turf moor ground and crystal palace 's selhurst park in south london .
anderson was sent off for internacional after a first-half off-the-ball shove on ypiranga erechim striker otacilio neto . fortunately for anderson , his colleague fabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans . while some players offered their hands in apology to the fans after being repeatedly booed , fabricio took a different route and showed two middle fingers to the crowd leaving referee luis teixeira rocha with no
raheem sterling admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool . liverpool manager brendan rodgers described the # 100,000-a-week contract offer as an ` incredible offer ' . sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal and leading clubs in spain .
police were called to their home at just before 1am yesterday morning . the baby was taken to birmingham children 's hospital but died hours later . a 25-year-old man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder . an ambulance crew was the first to arrive at the home on tuesday evening .
bet and his owner , lindsay castro , were hiking on the jurupa hills trail in fontana , canada , on thursday when they heard a rattling sound . the snake bit in the face , and his face instantly ballooned to twice its size . after two days of round-the-clock iv fluid and treatment , he is ready to go home .
the boy , who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body , somehow managed to escape , inspector sasthe told pti . the incident , which happened in pagma nagar , is being investigated by police . the seven-year-old boy is being treated at the thane civil hospital , about 30 minutes away .
boulter has already given # 30,000 to the ukip candidate fighting fox . boulter forced liam fox to resign as defence secretary in 2011 . tugendhat 's father is the high court judge who awarded fox a six-figure sum . fox resigned from the cabinet in 2011 after details of how fox 's close friend , businessman adam werritty , accompanied him on overseas trips .
jose mourinho could return to real madrid one day , says alvaro arbeloa . the chelsea manager ended his three-year spell in madrid to rejoin his current club in 2013 . real lifted the 10th european cup that they had craved for so long .
paddy morrall noticed the full-length christ on a snapped scaffolding board . the 31-year-old builder from keighley , near bradford , has kept the board . it comes two days after a shop assistant spotted the image of jesus christ in her dental x-rays .
the bbc spent licence fee payers ' money on a 44-page guide on how to use emojis before using a ` sad face ' emoticon to describe the death of the world 's oldest woman . emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of popular stars such as gary lineker and graham norton .
inter milan were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table parma . roberto mancini has cancelled his players ' day off on easter . the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time , watched by club vice-president javier zanetti and sporting director piero ausilio .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal at the emirates on saturday . brendan rodgers admitted the reds are unlikely to reach the top four . the gunners lost only once in 17 league games from mid-november through to mid-march . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
paul parker 's old passport was listed on ebay for an eye-watering # 5,000 . the item was listed earlier in march and bidding ended on tuesday . it is unclear whether anyone actually stumped up the sizeable sum . parker played for manchester united between 1991 and 1996 .
ondrej duda scored after the interval to lead slovakia to a 1-0 victory over the czech republic on tuesday . the 20-year-old midfielder struck with a low shot from outside the penalty area in the 49th minute for his second international goal . it was the third victory in the 10th match since czechoslovakia 's split in 1993 .
real madrid face granada in la liga on sunday at the bernabeu . karim benzema has scored 20 goals in all competitions this season . cristiano ronaldo has picked up the last two accolades for the world 's best footballer whereas lionel messi prevailed between 2009-12 .
sergiu bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute . ishmael miller equalised for sheffield wednesday . huddersfield 's marnick vermijl sent in an early low cross . caolan lavery fired in a fierce angled shot which went over .
stuart dallas scored twice as brentford beat fulham 4-1 on good friday . the 23-year-old impressed for northern ireland in the week . dallas spent three months at northampton and has returned to prove himself back at the club . click here for all the latest northern irish news .
the crash happened on warringah road in frenchs forest , northern sydney at a traffic light intersection . the 1973 e-type jaguar was completely written off when it came up against the toyota kluger on their sunday drive . nobody was hurt in the collision , however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution .
trey moses , a senior at eastern high school in louisville , kentucky , asked ellie meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom . ellie accepted the promposal and said she ca n't wait to go dress shopping ` because i 've only told about a million people ! ' .
residents from shandong province in eastern china have reportedly resorted to transporting natural gas in plastic bags . worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs because any contact with a naked flame or a cigarette could spell disaster . it has since spread to different parts of the province .
the new york yankees and boston red sox come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite . also making a very impressive showing are the texas rangers and atlanta braves , who have fans across a wide area in the south .
the president took a break from being the real president on april fools ' day to impersonate a fictional one , house of cards ' conniving frank underwood . obama attempted to copy the deep voice and south carolina accent of the fictional commander-in-chief , who is known for scheming his way into the nation 's highest office through deceit and violence .
brady eaves , 18 , was filmed biting the head off a live hamster during a drunken spring break party in florida . he was expelled from the university of mississippi , where he was on a scholarship and submitted for mental health tests . it comes after phi delta theta openly condemned eaves ' actions and expelled him from the fraternity .
john bramblitt , 42 , had epilepsy from the age of 11 and over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight . despite this , he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting . he uses a special technique to transfer the scene which he imagines onto the canvas .
silhan ozcelik , 18 , went missing from her kurdish family 's home last october . she was still only 17 when she travelled on the eurostar with another man . the teenager was then detained at stansted airport after she returned to the uk from germany on january 16 .
ludovic obraniak was substituted during fenerbahce 's 5-1 win on saturday . the poland international had to be replaced after just 30 minutes . caykur rizespor revealed on social media that the 30-year-old was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests .
chris ramsey praised tony pulis as one of the best coaches in britain . the r 's have taken just four points since the turn of the year . pulis was linked with the vacant qpr managerial post after harry redknapp 's departure in february .
patrick kluivert worked with louis van gaal at the 2014 world cup . the caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round . curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate . the first-round encounter was headed to extra time on tuesday .
tiger woods was spotted practising at augusta national on tuesday . the former world no 1 has not appeared on the pga tour since withdrawing from the farmers insurance open on february 5 with a recurrence of his back problems . there has been speculation he will return for the masters .
edinburgh welcome back three scotland internationals for sunday 's european challenge cup quarter-final with london irish . dougie fife , alasdair dickinson and ross ford were all rested for last week 's guinness pro12 26-15 win over scarlets in llanelli . the trio have been recalled by head coach alan solomons for the madejski stadium clash with the exiles as the south african looks to name
kumar sangakkara will play for english county side surrey this season . the 37-year-old scored 45 runs against south africa to take his last world cup tournament tally to 541 . sri lanka sports minister navin dissanayake has asked the batsman to reconsider his decision .
moses kipsiro successfully defended his commonwealth games 10,000 m title in glasgow last year . he told sportsmail this week of the day five female runners came to him for help ; and the death threats he says he has subsequently received . he says : ` i will have to protect my family ' .
manchester city overtook liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions last season . sergio aguero 's injury-time strike in the final game sank manchester united on goal difference . alan pardew believes the race is far from over . chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table .
swansea city host hull city at liberty stadium -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . jefferson montero suffered a muscle strain against mexico . tom carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments . leon britton and kyle bartley are both back in training .
hull city will become hull tigers if club owner assem allam gets his way after the previous failed attempt . the move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the fa council voted against it by 47 votes to 27 . hull boss steve bruce has revealed owner allam has reapplied to change the name of his side .
esteban cambiasso joined leicester last summer on a free transfer . the former argentina international says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy . leicester are rock-bottom of the 20-team table , seven points adrift of 17th placed sunderland and without a league win since january .
toby alderweireld will return to atletico madrid once his loan spell ends . the 26-year-old has impressed this season on the south coast . atletico say they are counting on aldeirwereld to return to la liga . oliver torres has been plying his trade in portugal with porto .
chelsea host stoke city at stamford bridge -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . diego costa may not be risked against stoke following hamstring injury . john obi mikel will not be considered despite recovering from knee problem . marc muniesa set to return to matchday squad after missing five games .
garry monk is out to claim a season-first against hull on saturday . swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural premier league campaign in 2011-12 . it is a campaign which has exceeded so many expectations .
celtic 's kris commons has a shot on goal during the spl match . st mirren 's jim goodwin slides in with a challenge on celtic midfielder stefan johansen . the visitors will be hoping to win their fourth successive title in the coming weeks .
ibrox has been a happy hunting ground for the edinburgh clubs . stuart mccall wants to win one visit from an edinburgh club this season . the tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to govan last august . hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories .
cristiano ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier united states team fort lauderdale strikers . the 2002 world cup winner says he would pay out of his own pocket to sign lionel messi to his united states football team . the ex-barcelona striker believes that football will continue to grow in popularity in the united states .
juventus beat empoli 2-0 in the serie a title on saturday night . carlos tevez opened the scoring shortly before the interval . roberto pereyra added a second in stoppage time as the bianconeri responded to wins from roma and lazio .
alessandro diamanti and mohamed salah helped fiorentina to a 2-0 win over sampdoria on saturday . former west ham midfielder diamanti struck just after the hour mark . salah added a second just two minutes later on loan chelsea winger salah .
chelsea face stoke city at stamford bridge on saturday at 3pm . cesar azpilicueta and his club team-mates sit top of the table . the blues have long been considered title favourites . jose mourinho 's men have only briefly relinquished the title lead .
kevin de bruyne is wanted by a host of clubs but no transfer away from wolfsburg has been agreed . the belgian is one of the hottest prospects in european football after starring in the bundesliga . patrick de koster is keen to speak to wolfsburg and show them the respect he feels they deserve .
charles piutau will join ulster on a two-year deal from july 2016 . the new zealand international has won 14 caps for the all blacks . the 23-year-old can play full back , wing or centre . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
george north will miss saturday 's european champions cup quarter-final . north left the field unconscious after scoring the second of two tries in saints ' win over wasps . saints director of rugby jim mallinder said north will await expert opinion before deciding when north will next play .
mohamed diame is set to return from injury for hull city 's visit to swansea . the sengalese midfielder has been out for four months with a knee injury . steve bruce confirmed diame will be involved at some stage of the match . the 27-year-old midfielder will be fit to play in the premier league on saturday .
swansea midfielder tom carroll faces up to six weeks on the sidelines due to ankle ligament damage . carroll scored the only goal for england under 21s against czech republic last friday . the 22-year-old is now expected to be out for between four and six weeks .
franck ribery limped off against shakhtar donetsk on wednesday . the bayern munich winger has no chance of playing against borussia dortmund this week . bayern also lost fellow winger arjen robben at the start of the week . click here for all the latest bayern united news .
philipp lahm has made only two substitute appearances for bayern munich since breaking his ankle in training on november 18 . the bayern captain will be without a number of his first-team stars for his side 's match against dortmund . pep guardiola said the whole team has to work together to compensate for missing players .
alvaro morata has no interest in joining real madrid , according to his agent . the 22-year-old joined the italian giants for # 15.8 million last summer . bozzo insists morata is keen to fulfill his five-year deal at the juventus stadium and develop as a player .
veteran burnley defender michael duff believes sean dyche could take charge . the 43-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of united . burnley are next in action on sunday when they host tottenham in the premier league .
brentford beat fulham 4-1 in a hard-fought west london derby . stuart dallas fired home two superb strikes while a free-kick from alan judge and a late fourth from jota ensured all three points . brentford moved to fifth in the table on 69 points with six games left to play .
chos hooiveld prodded home magaye gueye 's low drive in the 87th minute . charlton had skipper chris solly dismissed midway through the first half for deliberate handball . stephen henderson saved lee gregory 's resulting penalty .
more than half the games are set to be affected by delays and disruption . this weekend 's crunch premiership fixture , arsenal versus liverpool in london , will be hit by the rail chaos . ministers were warned of the potential problems in advance labour has claimed -- but they failed to scrutinise the planned level of maintenance work .
brazil 's world cup stadium in natal is being sold by owner grupo oas . the company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company petrobras . oas spent 591 million reais -lrb- around # 126 million -rrb- on completely rebuilding the old fonte nova arena in salvador .
the 13 democratic and republican u.s. lawmakers said they ` strongly encourage ' fifa to move the global competition . ` allowing russia to host the world cup inappropriately bolsters the prestige of the -lrb- russian president vladimir -rrb- putin regime at a time when it should be condemned , ' the senators wrote to fifa president sepp blatter .
mauricio pochettino has given harry kane his blessing to play in the european under 21 championships this summer . the tottenham striker scored just minutes into his england debut at wembley last week . kane is also set to travel to australia and malaysia this summer ahead of the championships .
the barclays premier league have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season . chelsea vs liverpool on may 10 and manchester united vs arsenal on may 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch . the tv schedule for the final day of the season will be announced at a later date .
the quick silver p-51d mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team bill and scooter yoak as a tribute to american servicemen who have died in combat . the yoaks say their aircraft is a ` celebration of our nation 's armed forces ' .
the crash happened in the carapicuiba area on the outskirts of sao paulo at around 5.20 pm local time yesterday . no one was thought to have been in the house , the roof of which was clearly devastated by the impact . authorities said they were investigating the cause of the crash .
the car shape originally designed to help french farmers transport their sheep to market now accounts for a staggering two in every three cars sold in the uk . it is just as popular across the world from munich to mexico city thanks to its practical design , economy and comfort . the model credited with being the world 's first ever hatchback was the renault 16 unveiled in april 1965 .
paul merson has restarted his row with andros townsend . the tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining . merson initially angered townsend for writing in his sky sports column . the former arsenal man was proven wrong when townsend hit a stunning equaliser for england against italy .
juan arango scored a magnificent free kick to bring tijuana team level against monterrey . the incident was reminiscent of uryguayan luis suarez 's bite on italian giorgio cheillini 's shoulder during last year 's world cup . tijuana are top of the table with 23 points from 12 games .
sergi barjuan is almeria 's third coach of the season . the 43-year-old replaces juan ignacio martinez , who was fired on sunday . the former barcelona defender spent nine years at barcelona . he coached recreativo in spain 's second division from 2012-14 .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals against granada to lift his tally to 36 . the real madrid forward now has more goals than 53 teams in europe 's top five leagues this season . the portuguese star now has nine goals in the barclays premier league , including nine in england .
ben jones-bishop snapped up from leeds rhinos in the close-season . salford 's last win against wigan was a 16-4 challenge cup fifth-round victory at the willows in 2006 . both sides ended the match with 12 men as tempers flared during the super league match .
hull kr beat st helens 28-20 at langtree park on thursday . jamie shaul try was enough to seal a win that shocked the home side . hull took an early lead after forcing a repeat set from a fumbled high kick and then another from offside on the line .
michael carrick and the rest of the england squad applaud the travelling support in turin on tuesday . it is embarrassing to listen to - a stain on our usually good-natured and good-humoured travelling supporters as we look ahead to june 's friendly with the republic of ireland . in dublin there will be the issue of provocation , the potential to engage with a city that has traditionally been a political hotspot .
england host england at the juventus stadium on tuesday night . roy hodgson 's side have submitted their starting line-ups for the finals in france , assuming everyone is fit of course . let us know your england xis by posting them in the comments section below .
` john ' who is reportedly a builder posted the advert in his local newsagents . it is written in capital letters in black pen , in the window of his newsagents in muswell hill . john placed is advert in a corner shop much like this one -lrb- stock photo -rrb- .
henrik larsson was forced to play his 42-year-old kit man in goal . the former celtic and barcelona striker had no option but to play daniel andersson with goalkeepers par hansson and matt pyzdrowski out injured . helsinborg drew 0-0 against kalmar in the allsvenskan season opener .
muliaina was arrested last night after his team was defeated in the quarter finals of the european challenge cup . he had come off injured during connacht 's 14-7 defeat at gloucester last night when he was approached by police . the 34-year-old full back has 100 caps for the all blacks .
` way of the cross ' walks took place in ohio , pennsylvania and over the brooklyn bridge , among others . the pope used the service to stress the persecution of christians . on thursday the pope washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at rome 's main prison in a pre-easter ritual meant to show his willingness to serve .
manchester city host manchester city at selhurst park -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell are still sidelined with hamstring injury . yaya toure missed man city 's last game but returned to action with ivory coast .
arsene wenger has yet to decide whether to offer abou diaby a new contract . diaby made his latest comeback from injury in a practice game on wednesday . the french midfielder has made just 22 appearances in the last five seasons at the emirates stadium with extended spells on the sidelines .
luis suarez and daniel sturridge scored 52 premier league goals last season . liverpool have scored just 45 goals in the premier league.this season . brendan rodgers would have started the season quietly confident that the quality was there to collectively make up for the uruguayan 's absence .
alan pardew called manuel pellegrini a ` f *** ing old c ** t ' during premier league match between newcastle and man city in january 2014 . the 53-year-old has benefited from sessions with former international cricketer jeremy snape . crystal palace boss pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of england 's top sides if given the chance .
joe hart insists his side are still capable of winning the premier league title . chelsea are nine points clear of manchester city with both teams having eight games left to play . hart won his 50th cap last week at the age of 27 and was immensely proud of his achievement .
police in rhein erft , germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby . they immediately assumed it was a april fools prank and dismissed the strange call . it was n't until the caller was questioned in detail and provided ` very believable ' answers .
twitter users were quick to notice hugh g. rection 's generous donation . the massive effort foreshadowed the $ 16.8 million donated at last year 's event . every year the good friday appeal calls on people from all parts of the community to help raise much needed funds to support the work of the royal children 's hospital .
qpr had lost 13 of 14 league away games before saturday 's vital 4-1 victory at west brom . the win also saw the west london club end a five-game losing run . chris ramsey urges his players to calm down during the game at villa park .
alan hutton limped off in aston villa 's 3-1 barclays premier league defeat at manchester united with an ankle problem . scott sinclair and ashley westwood are doubts along with tom cleverley and aly cissokho . qpr are without eduardo vargas and south korean left-back yun suk-young .
kim sei-young has established a three-shot lead ahead of the final round of the ana inspiration . the south korean led by two shots at the halfway stage at mission hills country club . kim returned to one-under par for the round when she picked up a shot at the par-five ninth .
lydia ko shot a 2-over 74 in the ana inspiration , her second straight over-par round after tying the lpga tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29 . the 17-year-old new zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour .
tiger woods has dropped out of the world 's top 100 for the first time in 19 years . former world no 1 will play at the masters in augusta commentating for sky sports . montgomerie said : ` if he can win again , who knows ? hey , never mind a major , can he win another event ever again ? ' .
the last tournament before the masters is proving quite a show-stopper itself thanks to the crowd-pleasing antics of the popular phil mickelson and local boy jordan spieth . it 's 18 months now since spieth attracted criticism for giving up on university and joining the pga tour as the 809th ranked player in the world .
kim sei-young spectacularly eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead in the second round of the ana inspiration . the 22-year-old struck a superb second shot to six feet on her final hole and knocked in the putt to card a seven-under-par 65 . brittany lincicome , the 2009 champion at mission hills , fired a 68 to finish at four under , level with korean jenny shin and
serena williams beat sabine lisicki in three sets on wednesday . the world no 1 sealed a match against sloane stephens or simona halep . willaims will face romania 's halep in the semi-finals of the miami open .
andy murray says british players should use the assimilation of the world no 83 , originally from slovenia , as motivation to better themselves . bedene 's present ineligibility for the davis cup team has made it less of an issue , although that could change if his appeal to play is allowed by the international tennis federation .
andy murray beat dominic thiem 3-6 , 6-1 in an hour and three quarters . the world no 4 is into the semi-finals of the miami open . murray was awaiting the winner from the last eight match between tomas berdych and juan monaco .
spain 's carla suarez navarro beat venus williams 0-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 at key biscayne on tuesday . petkovic booked her place in the last four after a 6-2 win over 14th seeded czech karolina pliskova . the spaniard won the last two games and went on to take the second set .
novak djokovic beat alexandr dolgopolov 6-7 -lrb- 3/7 -rrb- 7-5 6-0 in a little over an hour and a half . the scot racked up a 500th career win by edging out kevin anderson 6-4 3-6 6-3 to book a meeting with austrian dominic thiem .
nick scholfield has been lined up to ride jim culloty 's spring heeled in the grand national at aintree on saturday week . the champion trainer said on wednesday it was unfair to tie him down to a gelding which is far from certain to run when the mount on another leading definite contender is being offered . nicholls-trained sam winner was pulled up in the cheltenham gold cup in the # 1million race .
newport gwent dragons beat cardiff blues 25-21 at rodney parade . wing hallam amos , replacement nic cudd , a penalty try plus penalties from tom prydie and dorian jones brought the dragons back from a big deficit to victory . cardiff held the upper hand historically , having won the challenge cup in 2010 when beating french outfit toulon 28-21 .
george ford , dave attwood , jonathan joseph and anthony watson all return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by ireland . the quartet have points to prove in the irish capital . george , anthony , jj and dave have been telling the rest of the squad what the aviva is going to be like .
somerset captain alfonso thomas has agreed a deal to become delhi daredevils coach in the indian premier league this month . veteran seamer thomas is not yet fit for selection for somerset 's first lv = county championship fixture at home to durham .
moeen ali hurt himself during england 's failed world cup campaign . the all-rounder was therefore not available when the selectors chose the caribbean squad . moeen revealed he expects to be fit again in time for worcestershire 's first lv = county championship match at home to yorkshire on april 12 .
sim bhullar is set to become the nba 's first player of indian descent . the 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on friday when the kings host the new orleans pelicans . david wear 's 10-day contract expires and a roster spot opens up .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates stadium on saturday . hector bellerin gave arsenal the lead with a superb left-foot strike . the gunners could reclaim second by beating crystal palace on monday . wenger feels finally things are starting to come together .
michel vorm has the strength of character to put his capital one cup final disappointment behind him . mauricio pochettino has praised vorm 's attitude despite being behind lloris in the pecking order . tottenham face burnley at turf moor on sunday .
the celtic striker looked round in the dug-out before unwrapping the tasty treat within the first 10 minutes of the vital spl encounter . his manager , ronnie deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete by insisting on a strict diet regime for his players . griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during the opening 10 minutes .
rangers were rocked by thursday 's news that the club had been de-listed from the aim after chairman-in-waiting dave king failed to find a new nominated advisor . paul murray put the blame for aim 's decision at the door of the club 's previous board but tried to play down fears by revealing the new regime in charge is now considering a switch to the isdx market .
sunderland host newcastle at st james ' park on sunday afternoon . john carver 's side have won 12 of their last six matches . sunderland are the country 's most out-of-form side , unless new boss dick advocaat can reverse what is a sorry slide towards the bottom three .
porto have reached the last eight of this year 's champions league . they have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004 . james rodriguez is another player off the porto production line . jackson martinez is another who could move on in the summer with arsenal among those keeping tabs .
lionel messi wants to play as barcelona look to close in on la liga title . team-mate gerard pique had spoken of his optimism regarding messi 's chances of playing on saturday . messi was left out of argentina 's games during the international break .
river plate are keen to sign manchester united striker radamel falcao . the colombia forward spent eight years with the argentine side . the 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at old trafford . river plate vice president matias patanian admits the club ` dream of falcia ' .
stephen curry scored 27 points and klay thompson had 25 as the golden state warriors held off the los angeles clippers 110-106 . the clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken . david lee added 17 points for the warriors , who had lost four in a row at staples center .
brendan rodgers believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot has helped him handle liverpool 's young players . the 20-year-old has already made 120 appearances for liverpool at the tender age of 20 . the reds manager believes those experiences as a youngster have helped him in the long run .
raheem sterling admitted he is not yet ready to sign the new # 100,000-a-week contract tabled by the club . the liverpool manager was reacting after the 20-year-old admitted in a television interview that he is still young and ` sometimes makes mistakes ' . sterling appeared to give his manager a pat on the back as they talked during training .
jamie carragher took advantage of the international break to jet out to spain to watch his son play for the liverpool u12s . the reds also play ce cristinenc before taking on fe atl bisbalenc in their group e games . the tournament is now in its 15th year .
salford half-back rangi chase faces the threat of a four to eight-match ban after he was charged with making a grade e dangerous throw on good friday . the red devils went on to beat huddersfield 18-12 to continue their recent good form . they could now be without their mercurial stand-off for a lengthy period .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 at the westfalenstadion on saturday . thiago came on for his first appearance in over a year against dortmund . the spaniard admits he is still far from full fitness but is hoping to get back into the side as pep guardiola 's men continue their hunt for the treble .
james rodriguez will start against granada after recovering from a fractured right foot following two months on the sidelines . the colombian international has scored 12 goals in 33 games since joining the la liga giants in the summer . madrid have since lost their lead at the top of the table and trail barcelona by four points .
st etienne want to sign kevin theophile-catherine on a permanent deal . the 25-year-old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for # 2.1 million . st etienne will not take up an option to sign norwich striker ricky van wolfswinkel .
daryl clark will take on his former team-mates at castleford tigers . the england hooker left the tigers at the end of last season . clark is expected to recover from a busted nose sustained in thursday 's defeat at widnes to maintain his ever-present record for the wolves .
former huddersfield centre josh griffin scored a try and kicked three goals as improving salford secured back-to-back super league wins with an 18-12 triumph at the john smith 's stadium . griffin and ben jones-bishop scored tries in the first half .
wigan climbed up to third place in the first utility super league after exacting sweet revenge on arch-rivals st helens . the warriors came out on top 12-4 in a brutal , no-holds-barred contest in front of a spellbound capacity 24,054 crowd at the dw stadium . it was a second successive defeat for saints , who began the season under keiron cunningham with six wins in a row .
warrington crashed to a third straight super league defeat . the game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans but widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners . warrington 's losing run is their worst since 2009 and their misery was compounded by the loss of matty russell with a leg injury .
england 's plane landed in manchester to allow their northern-based players and staff to disembark after the draw with italy . the squad had been set to leave northern italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for roy hodgson 's men to take an extra night 's stay . manchester united , manchester city , everton , liverpool , aston villa and stoke city all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a
andros townsend has scored as many goals for england as he has done in the premier league for spurs . the 23-year-old has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers . he terrifies defenders with his speed and directness -- a trait he also possesses off the pitch judging by his ` told you so ' tweet to a critical paul merson this week .
southampton striker graziano pelle scored in italy 's 1-1 draw with england . the 29-year-old has not scored in the premier league for southampton since december 20 . pelle has not managed to find the net in the barclays premier league since .
england ace joe hart has labelled fellow goalkeeper gianluigi buffon a ` legend of the game ' after 1-1 draw with italy . hart said : ` i 'm still watching the likes of buffon and the way he goes about his business at 37 years old ' . england ace hart is desperate to add to his 50 international caps .
italian newspaper la gazzetta dello sport have criticised theo walcott 's display against italy by highlighting how little impact he had against their national team . england captain wayne rooney , goalscorer andros townsend and substitute ross barkley have all been awarded seven out of 10 . italy manager antonio conte and southampton striker graziano pelle receive high praise for the part they played in the 1-1 draw with england .
a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide at the sydney royal easter show on saturday night . it is understood the group were travelling at such great speeds they were unable to stop and broke through the barricade . a 22-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding . three of the contractors escaped without injury .
national union of teachers expected to call for vote on industrial action this weekend . ballot of 300,000 members would take place after the election . last time teachers across the country went on strike was in july . 21 per cent of schools were forced to close -- leaving parents having to pay for childcare or take a day off work .
zara tindall , 33 , pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband mike . moment came during a charity event to mark the end of rob edmond 's marathon barrel-roll from perthshire to wiltshire . edmond was the personal trainer on itv 's the biggest loser .
the aroused reptile is seen beginning its painstakingly slow ascent on to the back of a female 's shell . but instead of getting lucky , the blundering tortoise somehow manages to lose its balance , sending it toppling over onto its back . the amusing moment was caught on camera by ukranian photographer , vadym shevchenko , 34 , at kiev zoo .
the champions of england were smashed into submission at stade marcel michelin on saturday night . this was a brutal mismatch and a shattering result . clermont are nigh-on invincible at home and northampton could do nothing to even threaten their dominance in this raucous arena .
borussia dortmund 's nuri sahin claims arsenal tried to lure him from the bundesliga with a ` great bid ' . sahin spent five months on loan at liverpool while at real madrid . the 26-year-old is back at dortmund following an unsuccessful stint .
antonio nunez , 59 , allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork . it escalated , and at 4.15 am nuñez allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman 's behind . neighbors told ksat the couple have frequent fights which have ended in police attending the scene numerous times .
residents of beckley club estates in dallas , texas , say that they saw a man approach a male peacock , who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage . the man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it into his black chevy tahoe with its feathers sticking out of the door .
former leeds and england coach tony smith admits he was shocked by kevin sinfield 's decision to switch codes . sinfield is closing in on third place in rugby league 's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points . smith says he is sad to see his former skipper swap codes .
manuel pellegrini does n't believe his current crop of academy players are up to joining yaya toure and co . liverpool star raheem sterling has already had his name linked with the blues . fa chairman greg dyke 's proposal to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in premier league squads .
the lamb named winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck . walking around to the front of the lamb , the duck begins pecking away at the lamb 's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat . behind the lamb a number of adult ducks can be seen walking past in a group .
tyler macniven and his fiancee , kelly hennigan , made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials . the video , inspired by action films , shows the two literally saving ` the date ' as they wash up on shore . the couple 's wedding will be on september 26 , 2015 , though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place .
police are hunting for three suspects who brazenly stole an atm from a california gas station last friday morning . cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop along ygnacio valley road in walnut creek . while one man distracts a cashier at the window , another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine . he is seen wearing a bright red beanie , black pants , sweat top and sneakers .
alliss , 84 , said legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has prompted a decline in women 's membership . some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee . but the equality act 2010 ruled that this was illegal discrimination .
property in leafy south east london suburb of chislehurst was designed and built with five foot thick concrete walls . it was first built as a place where government officials could sit out a nuclear winter but now has a stunning atrium . the property , known as the glass house , has now been converted into a contemporary luxury home .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-1 at selhurst park on monday . manuel pellegrini guided city to their second premier league title in three seasons back in may . jose mourinho ended chelsea 's 50-year wait to be champions by winning the premier league in his first season 2004/05 .
carlisle united lost 3-1 at accrington stanley on saturday . the cumbrians are without a win in five games in league two . keith curle has launched a scathing attack on his side . the 51-year-old revealed he was considering staging an open forum .
arsenal face liverpool at the emirates on thursday night . arsene wenger is informed that the story was an april fools ' joke . the gunners boss and the assembled press break into a fit of laughter . wenger then turns to his press officer off camera .
oscar has a capital one cup medal to his name this season . the chelsea forward also scored in brazil 's 3-1 victory over france . the 23-year-old could be drinking a finely-crafted espresso in turin next season if recent reports on the midfielder 's future come to pass .
leighton baines and luke garbutt paid a visit to alder hey children 's hospital on wednesday to spread some easter cheer for the young patients and their families . the toffees duo handed out easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the west derby hospital . the duo will now be turning their attention to everton 's premier league clash against southampton on saturday .
charlie sumner , 20 , staged a one-man pitch invasion at reading 's madejski stadium during their fa cup quarter final replay with bradford city last month . the reading supporter did four front flips on the pitch , landing on his back each time , before being tackled by stewards . sumner is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt .
arsenal beat gerogia 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . mesut ozil posted a picture on twitter putting his feet up with his dog . the german star was signed for # 42.5 million from real madrid in 2013 . he will be expected to start against liverpool at the emirates stadium .
yaya toure was accused by jamie carragher of ducking out of the way of jason puncheon 's free-kick which killed off manchester city 's hopes of salvaging something from selhurst park . toure is paid # 200,000-a-week , but sportsmail columnist feels the city midfielder did not do enough to prevent the winner .
lionel messi should be fit to play in barcelona 's la liga game at celta vigo , says gerard pique . messi did not feature in either of argentina 's friendlies during the international break after sustaining a blow to his right foot in last month 's ` clasico ' against real madrid . the spain international came through barca 's youth academy with messi .
fifa chairman greg dyke has returned a # 16,000 watch he was given as a gift . dyke was given one of a limited edition of parmigiani watches by the brazilian fa during the world cup . 65 handed out in goodie bags totalling more than # 1million .
tyler walker scored his first senior goal for nottingham forest on monday . the 18-year-old striker came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career at brentford . it took him level with a forest legend of the same surname : his dad des , a scorer just once in 408 games for the club .
peter alliss claimed gender equality laws have ` b ***** ed up the game ' . he also claimed the bbc should have done more to secure the open coverage . alliss said the corporation should have tried harder to win the rights to the open championship and that attempts to give women equal rights in golf have 'cause d mayhem ' .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth , over the weekend in place of their father who passed away . far from a conventional toast , mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage .
john daniel tohill , 37 , was last heard from by family in 2005 . but on tuesday evening his brother tobias received a call from john saying he had would be visiting in the coming weeks . he was reportedly alerted to the search by a colleague who showed him the story on stuff nz .
youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air . as he whizzes up and down , the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright . his outstretched arms help him to remain airborne .
lucy garrod , 27 , had been wearing contact lenses since she was 15 . woke up one morning feeling as though her eye was ` the size of a golf ball ' . feared she would not be able to complete the last year of her photography degree due to going partially blind in one eye .
david luiz went off after 35 minutes of psg 's 3-2 win over marseille . the brazilian defender was caught by a stray leg on sunday . the 27-year-old will have scans on monday to assess the extent of the injury . psg face barcelona in the champions league quarter-final on april 15 .
the critters were filmed at indiana 's indianapolis zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen . footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs . instead of an even-surfaced court , they 're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure .
fritz the golden retriever from california appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills . he was filmed wearing bunny ears this easter trying , and miserably failing , to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth . despite his best efforts , the egg narrowly misses his jaw , bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead .
youtube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen . as the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg , the infant can barely believe her eyes . after the show is over , the baby 's big sister asks if she would like to see it again .
the snowstorm took place in siberia 's third largest city , krasnoyarsk , and shows the moment snow and sleet plunge the yenisei river into darkness . suddenly the storm grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph towards the kommunalnyi bridge , which it instantly dwarfs with its size .
the balloon catches the side of the tower and the basket , which carries three occupants , plummets to the ground . the instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises but are all reported to be in a stable condition . the incident took place in the sky over russia 's dmitrov district .
video shows the ravenous reptile battling to swallow its ill-fated prey . the lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow the catch . they are not picky with their choice of food either , consuming anything from insects to birds and eggs through to large mammals like possums and cats .
christopher dodd , 24 , and fay purdham , 27 , are to marry after reuniting . the pair grew up together as boys , playing football and playstation . fay , who was born kevin , started her transition to becoming a woman . they reunited at a party years later and are now planning their dream wedding .
loushanna and shawn craig from erdington , birmingham , had gone to tenerife . mrs craig was marooned on the island for up to two weeks after her biometric id card was stolen . the 37-year-old was refused to fly home over fears she was an illegal immigrant . she has now placed the blame squarely on the shoulders of ryanair .
sir nick faldo was on the cover of men 's health magazine . the 25-year-old admitted he was ` obsessed with the gym ' . mcilroy 's fitness programme does n't seem to be doing him too much harm . he goes into the year 's first major as the bookies ' favourite .
residents in alderholt , dorset , awoke on sunday to find an easter egg on their doorsteps . local residents described the deed as ' a wonderful act of random kindness ' . residents described it as a ' a lovely thing to do . it 's never happened before and i 've lived here for 20 years ' .
notts county have appointed former tottenham and hamburg coach ricardo moniz as their new manager . the 50-year-old dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation into sky bet league two . moniz steered red bull salzburg to austrian league and cup glory in the 2011/12 campaign .
paul hartley is not reading too much into dundee united 's recent slide ahead of wednesday 's scottish premiership derby at dens park . united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions . their last league victory was way back on january 24 against motherwell .
tim sherwood has vowed to give pal chris ramsey the red-button treatment if he tries calling him ahead of tuesday 's crunch six-pointer . rangers will leapfrog sherwood 's side and plunge them back into the drop zone if they win at villa park in what represents a pivotal game for both sides .
graeme mcdowell admits he has needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by augusta national . the former us open champion has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the masters . the 35-year-old is optimistic he can improve on his masters record .
tiger woods has started just two events in 2015 , shooting a career-worst score of 82 to miss the cut in the first of them . the 39-year-old is returning from a self-imposed break from golf to recover from injuries and a dip in form . woods has not won a major since the 2008 us open and the last of his four masters wins was a decade ago .
ben crenshaw will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance in the traditional par-three tournament at augusta national . palmer is unable to play alongside gary player and jack nicklaus in the curtain-raising event on wednesday afternoon . the 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on thursday .
tomas berdych beat argentine monaco 6-3 , 6-4 in the miami open quarter-finals on wednesday . the eighth seed set up a hotly-anticipated rematch with andy murray with a straight-sets win against juan monaco . monaco put up a strong fight in the second set until murray broke for a 5-4 lead .
roger federer posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball . the world no 2 decided to skip the invariably warmer climates of the miami open this year as a matter of ` physical preservation ' . federer won the key biscayne event in 2005 and 2006 , but skipped it in 2013 also to lighten his workload .
lewis ferguson , 18 , fell from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm at wincanton on wednesday . he was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose . ferguson said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal .
exeter swept aside newcastle 48-13 to set up a semi-final showdown with gloucester in the inaugural european challenge cup . the chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at sandy park . exeter then added further tries through thomas waldrom , byron mcguigan , sam hill and dean mumm after the break .
saracens chairman nigel wray has dismissed rugby 's salary caps rules as ` a farce ' in financial documents seen by the mail on sunday . the club 's wage bill soared by another # 1million last season alone . saracens now owe # 41.6 m , according to new filings at companies house , much of it funded by an unsecured loan from benefactor wray .
liam plunkett has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in yorkshire . the 29-year-old england seamer is back in test contention in the caribbean after his comeback last summer was cut short by injury . he managed 18 wickets in four tests prior to that , playing a big part for an england side often criticised for going easy on the speed gun .
jonathan trott returned to st kitts after four years with stress-related condition . the 33-year-old has been impressive in not only addressing the personal demons which led to his departure from brisbane . alastair cook feels the batsman is ready for international cricket return .
england test captain alastair cook feared jonathan trott 's international career was over 18 months ago . trott left the 2013/14 ashes trip after just one match at the gabba having struggled with what was initially labelled a ` stress-related condition ' . the pair are now heavy favourites to open the batting together in west indies this month .
martin guptill has been recalled to new zealand test squad . the 23-year-old smashed 237 against the west indies in the recent world cup . matt henry who played against south africa in the semis and in a losing team against australia in the final .
leeds-born ben gibson has retired from cricket just four years after his debut . the 19-year-old entered the record books in 2011 when he lined up against durham university just 27 days after his 15th birthday . in his last game for the second string he did not bat or keep wicket .
jonathan trott returns to the england set-up for the first time since leaving last winter 's ashes tour with a stress-related illness . warwickshire batsman touched down in the west indies with england on thursday night . dr steve peters claims he did little more than give trott the tools to rebuild his england career .
kevin pietersen signed a new contract with surrey last month . the 34-year-old was given fresh hope of a return to test cricket . the batsman is therefore expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013 , against glamorgan on april 19 . click here for all the latest england news .
surrey have signed australia all-rounder moises henriques for this summer 's natwest t20 blast . the australian premier league season concludes at the end of next month and will be with them throughout their blast campaign . kumar sangakkara will join surrey immediately after the ipl .
louis smith will represent great britain for the first time since his double olympic medal-winning performance at london 2012 . smith competed for england at last year 's commonwealth games and has been selected after winning gold on the pommels at the recent british championships .
the world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more ` grid girls ' before races . the decision by the fia is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport . in some series where women racers have joined the grid the ` umbrella ' role has been taken by a man .
john higgins beat judd trump 5-4 to move into the quarter-finals of the china open . the veteran scot recovered from losing the opening frame to move 4-2 ahead . trump narrowed the gap and a break of 68 helped the uk championship finalist take the match to a decider .
leicester city host west ham united at king power stadium -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . matt upson is out and jeff schlupp will be assessed after he played in ghana 's 1-1 draw with mali . west ham will welcome winston reid back from injury for saturday 's premier league trip to bottom side leicester .
jonas gutierrez was newcastle 's best player - not that he had much competition . the argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month . newcastle suffered an injury scare during the warm-up when daryl janmaat limped off towards the dressing-room .
west bromwich albion host queens park rangers at the hawthorns -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . craig dawson will serve a suspension for his challenge on wilfried bony . ben foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged crucial knee ligaments .
sam allardyce wants the club to qualify for europe next season . west ham have little left to play for as they sit ninth ahead of saturday 's match with leicester city at the king power stadium . the west ham manager insists he has not instructed his players to keep their discipline at all costs .
stuart mccall revealed captain lee mcculloch apologised to him and the rangers players after being sent off in the 2-1 win over hearts at ibrox . goals from kenny miller and haris vuckic had the home side two ahead and cruising before mccull"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
david templeton will form part of a rangers guard of honour to recognise the outstanding championship success of his former club . templeton made his first start in almost three months last weekend as stuart mccall 's recorded a 4-1 victory over cowdenbeath . the winger remains adamant he can prove his worth by rekindling the kind of form he once showed in maroon .
real madrid boss carlo ancelotti now has seven players into six spots . the 23-year-old has scored 12 goals and provided 11 assists in comparison to isco 's five and six . corriere dello sport reported that there is a huge divide between italian and foreign playing and non-playing staff .
real madrid beat granada 9-1 at the bernabeu on saturday . robert ibanez scored granada 's consolation . diego mainz , karim benzema and gareth bale scored for granada . real have scored half of goals in total all season .
lyon moved back to the top of ligue 1 for 24 hours at least . nabil fekir 's goal and alexandre lacazette 's penalty in the first half put les gones in control . clinton n'jie struck just after the hour to put hubert fournier 's side three goals to the good .
roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over napoli in a key match for champions league places . miralem pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for roma in the 25th minute . goalkeeper morgan de sanctis did the rest - saving shot by napoli .
bayern munich beat dortmund 2-1 at the allianz arena in november . pierre-emerick aubameyang of borussia dortmund looks dejected after robert lewandowski scored an equaliser . bayern will be champions for a third successive season .
arsenal 's official site read : ` in the 31st minute , fans from the visiting moscow club broke down barriers and threw chairs ' . referee alexander yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms . fights broke out between fans on the running track after they managed to climb over barriers .
manchester united host aston villa at old trafford -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . robin van persie has recovered from a hamstring problem . chris smalling is a big doubt due to illness . ron vlaar could return after finally shaking off a calf injury .
david meyler is confident his side will remain in the top flight despite their poor form . the tigers have impressed against top sides , drawing 1-1 away at manchester city and losing 3-2 at the hands of chelsea in a match they could easily have won . hull are currently just three points above burnley .
manchester united host aston villa at the emirates stadium . chelsea host stoke city -lrb- 5.30 pm -rrb- , west bromwich albion and qpr . sunderland host newcastle united at 8pm on monday night .
premier league leaders chelsea have won all three of their matches . the break can be both a blessing and a curse , potentially halting your momentum if results and confidence are positive , or halting your slide if all is not well . everton lead the post-international premier league with three wins from three after the break .
kolo toure has warned raheem sterling that leaving liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club . sterling stunned liverpool earlier this week giving an interview confirming that he has turned down a new # 100,000-a-week contract . chelsea and manchester city are also keen on english football 's hottest property .
this season is not seen as any real exception , despite the presence of four english sides in the last eight of the new champions cup . holders toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year , with clermont their primary challengers followed by racing and leinster . the aviva premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend and are all firm underdogs .
raheem sterling said he was not ready to sign a new contract at liverpool . blogger david tyrer of live4liverpool gives the view from merseyside . sterling and his agent hoped he did n't come across very well . the interview has almost certainly changed the way the fans feel about him .
wales ' euro 2016 qualifier with belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . the top two sides in group b meet at the cardiff city stadium on june 12 . wales both have 11 points from five games with marc wilmots ' side .
stoke city manager mark hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window . the 27-year-old has kept the club 's chequebook largely in his pocket since taking over in may 2013 . begovic is out of contract at the end of next season and could be targeted by clubs this summer .
raheem sterling said he was not a money-grabbing 20-year-old . england winger said it is not about money so can liverpool afford to not win any this season . sterling said : ` it 's never been about money . i talk about winning trophies throughout my career ' .
raheem sterling has been offered a # 100,000-a-week deal to stay on merseyside . the 20-year-old says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber . sterling has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid , bayern munich , manchester city and arsenal .
arsene wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match . the arsenal manager has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in september 1996 . wenger said : ' i always have eight or nine players of my team in my head the day before the game , but there 's always a doubt on one or two ' .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool until the summer . the 20-year-old scored for england in their 4-0 win over lithuania last friday . sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of # 100,000 per week from liverpool .
brendan rodgers will deliver his weekly briefing to the media on friday . raheem sterling has been offered a new # 100,000-a-week contract . the 20-year-old said he is not ready to sign a new contract at anfield . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
argentina beat ecuador 2-1 in a freezing metlife stadium in new jersey on tuesday night . sergio aguero had opened the scoring for argentina in the first-half as they continued their copa america preparations . gerardo martino 's argentine had beaten el salvador 2-0 in washington .
bojan krkic has been keeping a close eye on england 's top-flight . the stoke striker has picked his premier league team of the season . david de gea is a great friend -- i have known him since the early youth groups with spain . southampton 's nathaniel clyne is now in the england squad .
ben hiscox , 30 , was playing a home game for stoke gifford united in bristol . he slipped on the wet ground following the tackle and crashed into the building . three days later , he suffered two seizures and died in hospital . tributes have since flooded in for mr hiscox and his opponent .
richard henyekane , a former south africa striker , was killed in a car crash . the 31-year-old was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die in the crash . he was on loan at free state stars from pretoria-based mamelodi sundowns .
danny lennon has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of the scottish championship side until the summer of 2016 . the former st mirren boss took charge of scotland under 21 side for a 2-1 friendly victory against hungary last month . reports claim he will be named as alloa athletic boss on tuesday .
bosmin moti is guilty of producing one of the worst tackles you 're likely to see this season after his kung-fu style tackle on a cska sofia player . the defender made the headlines for the right reasons during ludogorets champions league play-off against steaua bucharest back in august . moti 's kick on nikolic shows a different side and the misdemeanor during the first half went unpunished as his side went on to
raheem sterling started liverpool 's 4-1 defeat at arsenal on saturday . brendan rodgers said he turned down a new # 100,000-a-week deal . the 20-year-old will still be a liverpool player next season . rodgers also admitted that links to saturday 's opponents arsenal were ` quite flattering ' .
brian o'driscoll has been in hong kong this week working as an ambassador for hsbc ahead of the hong sevens . the irish rugby legend 's wife amy huberman caught wind of the picture on social media , with hilarious consequences . on monday , at home in ireland , she posted the picture and wrote : ' i better get a giant toblerone from the duty free ' .
paul lambert was sacked by aston villa in february after two-and-a-half seasons at the club . darren bent also praised tim sherwood , who he knows from tottenham hotspur , and opened the door on a shock continuation of his villa park career .
football association chairman greg dyke has been handed the backing of five former england managers as he bids to push through radical changes . the proposals include changing the rules so that ` home-grown ' means having trained in england for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21 . former three lions bosses warn the english game will suffer if it blocks the proposals from dyke and the fa 's england commission .
rory mcilroy believes jeff knox , a former georgia state mid-amateur champion , reads the mysterious augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen . knox played as a non-competing marker with tiger woods when the northern irishman was first man out in the third round last year .
jb holmes started the day six shots off the lead but ripped through the first half of the course to make the turn in 29 . overnight leader jordan spieth hit a fine putt to par the 18th and make it a three-way play-off . holmes picked up a further shot on the eighth on his way to finishing the front nine on a seven-under 29 .
kelvin day has only played a handful of events on the subsidiary circuit , the web.com tour but decided to enter qualifying for the houston open on sunday . the 27-year-old finished tied first to earn his place -- and how he has taken advantage . day is three shots behind the leaders and remains in with a chance of making the masters .
tiger woods confirmed his participation at the masters next week . the gifted leftie followed his opening 66 to sit one shot behind leader andrew putnam going into the third round . englishman justin rose provided further encouraging evidence he is now over his bleak march with a 68 that has left him just four shots off the pace .
danny willett is aiming to become the first debutant to win the masters since fuzzy zoeller in 1979 . the yorkshireman finished joint 12th following a closing round of 68 on the blue monster . the 27-year-old insists he is preparing to emerge victorious in the first major of 2015 .
super league title sponsors first utility have announced a new format for the player of the month award . fans will be asked to vote for their choice on the facebook page , www.facebook.com/firstutilitysuperleague . fans have until april 10th to register their votes for march 's competition .
michael carrick has played for england for 13 years , 310 days - while sir stanley matthews reached 22 years , 228 days . carrick made his england debut against mexico in may 2001 as a teenager with west ham united and if he carries through to euro 2016 , he will be the first non-goalkeeper since the legendary sir bobby charlton . matthews won his 54 england caps over a 23-year period between 1934 and 1957 .
steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will go on a diet . the hull manager was baffled that anyone would be interested . bruce was looking larger than life after being snapped holidaying in barbados with alan shearer . the 55-year-old also had an appetite for the debate about how premier league clubs should do more to bring through english talent .
teofil brank , better known by his stage name jarec wentworth , was arrested on march 4 by the fbi in los angeles . investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $ 1 million in cash from the victim . brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man 's trysts through his twitter account .
mauricio pochettino wants talks with the fa before approving harry kane 's involvement in the european under 21 championship . tottenham have major concerns about the striker playing in the summer . spurs fear kane may suffer burnout and see him as key to the club 's pr strategy .
the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras . fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses . when play begins on thursday , fans will have to put them back on the shelves .
the sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in cass county , north dakota . he needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade . wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws .
theo walcott was replaced by ross barkley after 55 minutes of england 's 1-1 draw against italy on tuesday night . arsene wenger admits he is concerned by the winger 's confidence . walcott could face liverpool on saturday with alex oxlade-chamberlain injured and danny welbeck a doubt .
sir alex ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the old trafford hotseat between 1986-2013 . the scot was appointed as the red devils manager in november 1986 . ferguson revealed he had to change his everyday habits as he got older .
chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for raheem sterling . liverpool manager brendan rodgers insists the 20-year-old is ` going nowhere ' . sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a # 100,000-a-week contract .
raheem sterling has rejected a new contract worth # 100,000-a-week . sterling had been named pfa young player of the year -lrb- 1998 -rrb- . there were 18 england caps and he had passed 50 career goals . steve mcmanaman ended his first season as a liverpool regular .
adam mcburney , who has been capped for the ireland under-20s , was not at his home in cromkill in county antrim , northern ireland . shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property , after bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen . photographs from the scene today show at least 12 bullet holes still visible in a living room window .
the 450kg -lrb- 990lb -rrb- beast was coated in a lurid yellow marinade . it was lowered by crane into a 6m-tall tandoor kiln . momin hopur spent five hours cooking the camel at apricot tourism festival .
homesick sam tomkins will return to wigan when he cuts short his new zealand warriors stay at the end of the season . the england full-back is interesting his former club , where his brother joel plays and wigan have an option to bring him back to the dw stadium .
french giants paris saint-germain have been dealt a major blow with the news . david luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring following a bursting run against andre-pier gignac in the first-half of sunday 's game against marseille . the brazilian immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced .
referee mark clattenburg will officiate the manchester derby between united and city at old trafford on sunday . the 40-year-old has only sent off two players season in the premier league this season and both have been from united ; tyler blackcett in the defeat by leicester and luke shaw . manuel pellegrini 's side have struggled since the turn of the year .
former channel 9 host lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her . oldfield posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online . the mum-of-two said she barely recognised herself in the drawing .
neil phillips was england 's doctor for the defence of the jules rimet trophy four years later in mexico . he was a former director at middlesbrough and also used to have a surgery in redcar . a service of thanksgiving will take place on wednesday april 8 .
the average household now owns 7.4 internet devices and four in 10 bought a tablet in the last year . smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device , at 1.7 per household , followed by laptops -lrb- 1.3 -rrb- and tablets . four in ten households now own one tablet , one fifth have two , and 11 per cent own three or more .
francis bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle on sunday while searching for his sixteen-year-old pet cat tiger . after noticing a foul odour in the yard of his home in clifton beach , northern queensland , he found a bloated scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline . bavkis said it was confronting for his partner and sons to find the long-term pet had died in such grisly circumstances .
juan mata says manchester united need to look at the next seven premier league games as ` finals ' . the spaniard has found his best form at a crucial part of the season . the 26-year-old has been in fine form for louis van gaal 's side .
police were called to the scene in the north las vegas neighborhood at about 11.30 am on thursday . the father , 24 , and other family members inside did not know that the toddler , who later died at university medical hospital , had gotten out of the house and on to the driveway . the incident was deemed an accident and no charges will be filed .
travis hatfield , 21 , from gilbert , west virginia sung a george jones hit to his uncle , jamie joe cline , who has down syndrome . the video went viral onine . travis sings and his uncle chimes in with occasional lines as he recognizes parts of the song .
dayna dobias , 19 , from downers grove was born with cerebral palsy , but she hopes to inspire others with her enthusiastic videos . the teenager says her motivation for creating the video was to counteract stereotypes held by people over certain disabilities . last year the teenager produced another dancing clip with her strutting her stuff to taylor swift 's shake it off .
manchester united 's radamel falcao and sergio aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors puma . the south american duo feature in the aptly-named ` head to head , ' production , manchester city 's falcero do just that as they battle it out in a cage style match . while the scenario wo n't replicate the atmosphere at old trafford the introduction of both players is met with fans cheering .
lydia kelm , 23 , had a blood-alcohol content of .247 when police tested her after showing up to the mcdonald 's in leesburg , florida , early monday . police say that instead of purchasing food and driving away , the nurse revved her engine loudly and backed up twice , prompting workers to yell repeatedly for her to move forward . she ` seemed to be confused , lethargic ' and ` had slurred speech , ' an arrest affidavit
dashcam footage shows a giant st. bernard running across a road somewhere in the czech republic with a child trailing behind . as the canine scampers along , his passenger holds tightly to a leash . once the dog reaches the other side of the road , it makes its way over a muddy verge .
the nypd released the video tuesday , along with a photo of the victim in the hospital in hopes of identifying her . the woman was critically injured and still has not regained consciousness . the man props the woman against the wall of a nearby building , but without his support she slumps to the ground face first .
air passengers face up to three days of disruption , with british airways , easyjet , ryanair and flybe among airlines forced to cancel dozens of flights . walkout by france 's biggest air traffic controllers ' union sncta will begin at 5am today and run until 5am on friday .
frustration was clear in the voices of peter moores and alastair cook as they fended off repeated enquiries about kevin pietersen 's future . graves has forged an excellent reputation in english cricket as chairman of yorkshire for the way he bankrolled and transformed the club . but his initial forays into the international game have been little short of an embarrassment .
greg gibbins , 28 , went into cardiac arrest after he was stabbed in the chest outside a pizza store in the early hours of easter monday . police believe the attack on him was ` unprovoked ' and described him as being ` good citizen who had been behaving himself ' . police have charged a 20-year-old man with murder of the talented football player .
fifa presidential candidate luis figo disputed the confederation of african football 's claim that all 54 votes from the continent will go to incumbent sepp blatter in the presidential elections next month . figo seeks re-election on may 29 against figo , prince ali bin al hussein of jordan and the dutch football association president michael van praag .
cristiano ronaldo hit five in real 's 9-1 win against granada at the weekend . the 30-year-old scored his tally to 36 goals in the league so far . barcelona face almeria in the madrid derby on wednesday night . mundo deportivo looks ahead to barcelona 's clash with almer .
aston villa were set to drop into the bottom three when charlie austin scored his 17th premier league goal of the season . tim sherwood was disappointed that aston villa 's domination of qpr did not result in three points for his side . the point lifts qpr above burnley to 18th on goal difference .
manchester united host manchester city at old trafford on sunday . phil jones hopes manchester united ` turn up and play their football ' . the red devils are on a run of five consecutive league wins . jones : ` victory does n't last long enough . we 've got to move on the next game ' .
vincent kompany believes that a win against manchester united will help rectify their season . manuel pellegrini 's side were given a torrid time by crystal palace on monday night as their premier league title hopes were all but dashed . the city captain admits that the derby game is crucial .
scotland 's bradley neil has received the backing of world no 1 rory mcilroy as he ponders when to turn professional . the 19-year-old scot admits he may turn professional before september 's clash with the united states at royal lytham .
rory mcilroy insists he has arrived at augusta ready to mount a serious challenge on the masters . the world no 1 has been building since the night before his open victory at hoylake last july . woods have won all four major titles since the return of woods to competitive action after two months on the sidelines .
john isner beat kei nishikori 6-4 , 6-3 at the miami open on thursday . the hard-serving isner is the first american to reach the semi finals in miami since 2011 . he 'll next meet world no. 1 novak djokovic or david ferrer on friday night .
andy murray and danny vallverdu met at the same stage of the australian open in january . murray 's fiance kim sears was caught uttering profanities in the direction of the czech powerhouse . there is no love lost on the tour between the british no 1 and his czech opponent berdych .
carla suarez navarro beat andrea petkovic 6-3 in a semi-final on thursday . the spaniard 12th-seed did n't face a single break point and will meet either top seed serena williams or third seed simona halep in saturday 's final . the schedule includes a pair of men 's quarterfinal matches .
lewis ferguson was flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton . the 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual , just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation . ferguson 's double somersault fall from the favourite merrion square in the 4.20 pm has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online .
jonjo o'neill hosted a media stable visit at his jackdaws castle yard in gloucestershire on thursday . he trains shutthefrontdoor for his principal patron j p mcmanus who owns the crabbie 's grand national at aintree on april 11 . mccoy has not decided yet whether he is riding shutthedoor .
marcelo bosch scored the winning penalty as saracens beat racing metro 12-11 in north paris . bosch landed a 55-metre penalty in the final act of the last eight showdown against racing metro . the 31-year-old said he was surprised to see bosch taking the penalty .
marcelo bosch kicks the match-winning penalty from long-range to snatch saracen 's a semi-final berth . the argentinian kicked saracens through to the champions cup semi-finals with a famous last-minute penalty . the ice cool 31-year-old mobbed by players and coaches as racing metro 92 were unceremoniously dumped out of the competition .
matt prior has not played since july , when he lost his england place to jos buttler . the 33-year-old was badly affected by the problem last summer . head coach mark robinson has warned that prior remains ` pretty much out indefinitely ' as his recovery from an achilles injury continues .
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record to take put his buildbase bmw on to pole start . the japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds ahead of james ellison . defending champion shane byrne suffered hand and ankle injuries last month .
mark selby beat gary wilson 10-2 in the final of the baic motor china open . the leicester cueman dominated the best-of-19 showpiece to claim the sixth ranking title of his career and # 85,000 in prize money . the 31-year-old won the first three frames before wilson fired back with a break of 91 to take the fourth .
wisconsin will play duke , an 81-61 winner over michigan state in the earlier semi-finals of the ncaa tournament . wisconsin moved through to the final with a tense victory over kentucky at the lucas oil stadium in indianapolis on monday night .
tom daley hopes his new dive can help win olympic gold at the 2016 rio de janiero games . the former world champion spent long hours on the trampoline perfecting technique before building the dive in stages from different heights . new coach jane figueiredo spent the winter modifying a new plunge .
memphis moved into a tie for the second seed in the nba 's southwest division with a 100-92 win over oklahoma city on friday . the grizzlies moved level with houston atop the southwest division , both trailing golden state , which has already sealed the conference title . san antonio stayed within two games of that fight over the no 2 playoff seed by routing denver , while the key postseason-shaping games in the east saw brooklyn extend its winning streak .
harry kane was captain for tottenham hotspur in the premier league match against burnley at turf moor . kane became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days . liverpool went into the race for champions league qualification after the loss .
swansea beat hull 2-0 at the liberty stadium on saturday afternoon . bafetimbi gomis roars scored a spectacular volley past allan mcgregor and into the roof of the hull net to double the home side 's lead . the french striker fires a spectacular kick shortly before half-time to capitalise on some poor hull defending .
esteban cambiasso has won all the major european competitions a player can during his illustrious career . the argentinian midfielder refuses to give up and admits that keeping leicester up will feel like winning a trophy . leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table .
daryl janmaat admits newcastle got exactly what they deserved from their derby trip to sunderland - nothing . the 25-year-old holland full-back played the full 90 minutes despite suffering a suspected tear in his calf muscle during the warm-up . newcastle slipped to a record fifth successive defeat in the fixture .
graziano pelle remains confident despite not scoring in the premier league since december 20 . the italy striker has thanked saints fans for continuing to support him through his lean spell . ronald koeman has backed pelle to go on a run during the final eight games of the campaign .
rangers beat hearts 2-1 at ibrox on sunday in the scottish championship . stuart mccall says he was warned not to take the rangers job . the former scotland midfielder says he is pleased that he took the risk in the end of the season . gers boss has seen his new side win their last three games in a row including a crucial win over hearts .
nike magista obra boots signed by the england and manchester city goalkeeper joe hart . the lucky prize winner will also receive a gillette fusion proglide razor and shaving foam . the competition closes on sunday april 19 . click here to be in with a chance of winning this special prize .
danny higginbotham gave struggling sunderland the lead during the 2007-08 premier league draw with aston villa . the former manchester united midfielder delivered an astonishing team talk in his new autobiography rise of the underdog : my life inside football . he also reveals how keane once demanded for him to swear at and criticise his team-mates instead of getting behind them .
vincent duport has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury . the france international suffered a ruptured tendon in the dragons ' 33-22 defeat at hull fc on march 20 . next up for the sixth-placed catalans is a trip to wigan on sunday .
bayern munich take on bayer leverkusen in the last eight on wednesday . pep guardiola believes jerome boateng is one of the top three centre backs in world football . the bayern boss also offered an apology to midfielder mario gotze . click here for all the latest bayern united news .
manuel pellegrini 's side lost 2-1 at crystal palace on monday night . the last time city managed to win having been in a losing position at half-time was on april 17 , 1995 . city have spent five seasons out of the top-flight since the 1994-95 campaign .
tiger woods was pictured giving his children hugs during the second day of practice at augusta national golf club . the former world no1 has returned to action after taking a break from golf to recover from a series of niggling injuries . woods has not won a major since the us open in 2008 and the last of his four masters wins was a decade ago .
world no 1 rory mcilroy shields himself from the rain during a practice round at augusta . the englishman could barely contain his excitement at driving down magnolia lane for the masters . henrik stenson of sweden looked less than impressed after coming down with a bout of flu .
rory mcilroy bids to become only the sixth man in history to claim the career grand slam . bubba watson is the defending champion in a field that also includes young american stars jordan spieth and rickie fowler . tiger woods returns to action when the year 's first major gets under way at augusta national .
arsenal were thrashed 6-3 by manchester city and 5-1 by liverpool last season . per mertesacker says arsenal have brought back the ` arguing culture ' . the central defender says they are responsible for a number of much-needed confrontations . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
amir khan has announced his next fight will be against chris algieri . the bolton fighter had earlier this week come under pressure to take on british rival and ibf welterweight champion kell brook in june . khan was also linked with bouts against adrien broner and keith thurman .
amir khan has gone face to face with adrien broner ahead of a possible summer fight against the former lightweight world champion . khan is expected to announce his next opponent imminently . british rival kell brook set to feature on his agenda for a wembley blockbuster next year .
floyd mayweather snr has ducked the verbal jabs aimed at him from manny pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach . roach has blasted the elder mayweather and insisted that the money man would be far better off preparing for the may showdown with his uncle roger .
justin rose hit 17 out of 18 greens in regulation and signed for a 69 . the 34-year-old has been virtually a fixture in the top five for the last three years it was certainly a dent to the ego , with the masters now just around the corner . rose has spent long hours on the practice ground .
lydia ko tied annika sorenstam 's lpga tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par . the 17-year-old hit a 6-iron to 18 inches to set up a birdie on the 158-yard , par-3 eighth and closed with a par on the par-5 ninth . ko also won the women 's australian open winner in february the week before her new zealand victory .
rory mcilroy tees off at the arnold palmer invitational golf tournament in orlando on march 19 . the world number one is looking to claim his first green jacket and become just the sixth player to win all four major titles after gene sarazen , ben hogan , gary player , jack nicklaus and tiger woods .
jason dufner and wife amanda married in 2012 and were considered one of the golden couples of golf . the pair separated in february and the divorce was finalised on march 31 . amanda has been awarded $ 2.5 million -lrb- # 1.8 m -rrb- while jason will keep two of the couple 's houses .
lionel messi sat out both of his country 's friendlies against el salvador and ecuador over the international break . the argentina forward was able to do some light running and stretching in training . messi had a light training session alongside compatriot javier mascherano as he recovers from foot injury .
crystal palace are convinced yannick bolasie will learn from wilfried zaha 's mistakes and not jump ship . the winger has dazzled for the eagles since alan pardew took over in january . zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years with the club .
bakary sako opened the scoring for wolves in the first half . harry kane doubled wolves ' advantage from the penalty spot . benik afobe was one of arsenal 's own before they loaned him to mk dons . nottingham forest 's henri lansbury sold him to wolves .
cardiff drew 1-1 with cardiff at the madejski stadium on april 18 . conor mcaleny rifled in a shot from aron gunnarsson 's precise pass . pavel pogrebnyak scored a late equaliser to give cardiff the lead .
erik compton is set to make his first appearance at the masters this week . the 35-year-old would rather be known for his golf than what he 's had to overcome to earn a spot in the field . compton recovered from his childhood setback to become the no 1-ranked junior in the united states at 18 .
neymar feels his team 's champions league tie with paris saint-germain will prove a real footballing ` spectacle ' . barcelona and psg meet on april 15 in the french capital . neymar has proved a good fit at the nou camp alongside lionel messi and luis suarez .
steven gerrard will miss liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final replay with blackburn on wednesday night . reds legend robbie fowler says liverpool players must not focus on the 34-year-old with a fairytale ending to his liverpool career . fowler hopes jordan henderson and co put their missing captain to the back of their minds .
liverpool host liverpool in the fa cup quarter-final on wednesday . raheem sterling 's contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight . gary bowyer and his players are also hoping the liverpool players ' studs will sink a little further into the ewood park turf .
jordan rhodes scored in blackburn 's 3-0 win over leeds on wednesday . blackburn boss gary bowyer has challenged the striker to become an fa cup hero . rovers boss bowyer believes his side will be buoyed by the ` extra 20,000 people in the stadium ' .
fourth-place monaco missed the chance to close the gap in the french title race after drawing 0-0 at home to montpellier . the visitors missed a penalty early in the second half when lucas barrios fired a penalty over the crossbar . the principality side remain in fourth spot , behind marseille , lyon and paris st germain .
rangers beat hearts 2-1 in the ibrox derby on sunday night . genero zeefuik pulled back a late consolation for robbie neilson 's men but rangers closed out the game to make it three wins in a row . kenny miller and haris vuckic scored the goals for rangers .
hugo lloris will miss sunday 's premier league trip to burnley . france international was carried off on a stretcher early in the 4-3 win against leicester city and missed his country 's friendlies against brazil and denmark . tottenham are in seventh place in the table with eight games remaining .
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night . the winger admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation against paul merson . townsend said : ` that tweet has been going over in my head ' .
elliot minchella has joined london broncos on loan to the end of the season . the 19-year-old has made six substitute super league appearances . london coach andrew henderson said : ` elliot comes highly recommended from leeds and has come through a good system ' .
mike brown admits he would adopt a ` cautious ' approach in recovering from his latest concussion setback . northampton wing george north has been advised by leading medics not to play again this season after suffering four quick-fire concussions . ireland 's johnny sexton was stood down for 12 weeks earlier this term .
manchester city beat palace 3-0 at the etihad stadium on saturday . manuel pellegrini has warned his side must overcome a difficult obstacle . the eagles can ill afford to drop points at selhurst park on monday . manchester city are currently fourth in the premier league .
everton beat aston villa 1-0 in their premier league clash on saturday . eden hazard , mesut ozil and joey barton scored for everton . tim howard put in a man of the match performance against southampton . marcos rojo was elegant on the ball and passed it well .
lauren hill , 19 , uses a wheelchair and sleeps for many hours at children 's hospital in cincinnati where she is being treated for a brain tumor . during her senior year of high school , lauren was diagnosed with dipg -lrb- diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma -rrb- , a rare form of brain cancer with a survival rate of less than 10 percent . her mother lisa updates her followers on the facebook page for lauren 's fight for cure about her
researchers at brown university in rhode island has claimed . to conduct the study , the researchers pitted nine frequent gamers against a control group of nine people who game rarely , if ever . they participated in a two-day trial of visual task learning . subjects were shown an on-screen ` texture ' of either visual or horizontal lines and had to quickly point out - in a fraction of a second - the one area where an anomalous texture appeared . parents are in danger of being reported to
liverpool beat manchester united 1-0 at anfield on saturday . joe allen believes liverpool have performed well against the big teams during the last two seasons . the reds are five points off fourth place in the premier league but still represents progress from the dark days of autumn and early winter .
the shirt alone worn by the male model weighed in at 7lbs and the matching bra and underwear for the female model also came in . the idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history , including cleopatra , marie antoinette and tsarina alexandra .
jack johnson beat tommy burns to win the world heavyweight title in 1908 . it is difficult to convey to a reader in 2015 shockwaves that johnson 's victory caused . even liberal newspapers , such as the new york times , were openly hostile to the giant texan . johnson made short work of his first four title defences .
roberto martinez will hold talks with romelu lukaku after the striker 's agent suggested he could leave everton . the 21-year-old has brokered big-money deals for zlatan ibrahimovic and mario balotelli . the belgian international is just one season into a five-year contract .
the bird was filmed in north vancouver , the bird - which appears to be a golden eagle , despite some speculation it is a young bald . after standing and shaking its head , the big bird then moves forwards and rolls the ball to the left with its foot . after rolling the ball back a few more times , the eagle successfully attempts to roll the football with both feet .
the university , in ohio , took action after footage emerged of the coach touching an unidentified woman 's behind on march 21 . a source told reporters that the incident was so heated a woman slapped him before he was asked to leave . at least 50 people reportedly saw the coach out of control before being escorted out of the bar .
adam lyth scratched around for 22 in a championship match against nottinghamshire in 2008 . yorkshire 's sports psychologist scott hartley came up with the idea of harnessing lyth 's love of golf . lyth is one of six yorkshire players in the england squad that left heathrow for three tests in the caribbean .
pga tour star rickie fowler posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week . the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers , which included an abusive commenter known as ` fatalsplash ' who was quick to judge and accused alexis randock of being a ` gold digger ' .
glenn murray fired the eagles ahead on 34 minutes with a close-range effort . jason puncheon scored a stunning free-kick to secure a 2-0 lead . yaya toure grabbed one back for city , but it was n't enough to stop city from losing further ground on league leaders chelsea .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday . jason puncheon appeared to be struck by a maoam sweet . the 28-year-old was making his way to take a corner in front of city fans . puncheon sarcastically clapping in the direction of the city supporters .
nik simon gives us a run-down of each of the sides left in the competition . bath 's qualities are channeled through their attack . mike ford giving the likes of england backs george ford , jonathan joseph and anthony watson a licence to play with flair .
arsene wenger has chosen not to sanction mesut ozil for going to a berlin nightclub hours after missing arsenal 's premier league clash with newcastle united last month . the frenchman confirmed that mikel arteta , alex oxlade-chamberlain , jack wilshere , mathieu debuchy and abou diaby had all returned to training but were n't yet ready to make their return .
keith curle has taken charge of carlisle after learning his trade in the lower league backwaters . the former england manager insists football management was always his priority after ending his playing career . curle won three england caps but has spent most of the past past the past five years .
harry kane will play for england 's under 21 team in this summer 's european championships . roy hodgson has confirmed that kane , 21 , will join up with the junior squad when he returns from tottenham 's post-season trip to malaysia and australia . ross barkley is excused from the championships despite being eligible to play for gareth southgate 's side .
andros townsend hailed harry kane as the ` best finisher ' he has played with . kane made his england debut as a substitute on friday against lithuania . the former midfielder said he ` should be nowhere near the england squad ' . townsend scored england 's equaliser and poked fun at paul merson .
alexis sanchez joined arsenal from barcelona for # 30million in 2008 . udinese had italy internationals antonio di natale , simone pepe and fabio quagliarella vying for places up front . marino knew in sanchez he had a ` jewel ' on his hands .
romelu lukaku has been involved in transfer deals worth over # 400million . the italian striker has scored only eight times in the premier league this season . roberto martinez insists he is not concerned that the striker 's switch of agents has not set the alarm bells ringing . click here for all the latest everton news .
harry kane is preparing to take on tottenham in the premier league on sunday . the 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of united . duff will be tasked with stopping spurs scoring sensation harry kane , 16 years his junior .
gareth southgate 's squad finished fourth last may and the nucleus of that group will be involved in the european under 21 championships this june . the fa felt the diversity and quality of opposition in toulon were key to helping young players ' education . the tournament runs from may 27 to june 7 .
raheem sterling appeared to give brendan rodgers a pat on the back as they talked during training on thursday morning . the 20-year-old said he is flattered by interest from saturday 's opponents from north london . sterling is going nowhere was the emphatic statement .
man shot himself at universal studios in hollywood , california . he was standing in a smoking area behind the despicable me minion mayhem ride . guests were filmed being herded inside the ride by staff . universal studios has an official policy banning all weapons from its grounds , and searches guests before they enter .
john carver is fighting to take charge of his hometown club against sunderland on sunday . the dutchman left out alan shearer and duncan ferguson in 1999 . carver was assistant to former newcastle manager ruud gullit who managed the club between 1998 and 1999 .
louis van gaal says manchester united can still win the barclays premier league , even though his side sit eight points behind leaders chelsea . fellaini has been in excellent form for his club and country of late in a string excellent results . the united manager says the top-four battle is not over either .
lexi thompson , 20 , will appear topless on the front of the may edition of golf digest . the lpga player has career earnings of almost $ 3million . she will appear in the women 's u.s. open when she was just 12 . the decision has sparked a mixed response from readers .
real madrid are prepared to wait until next summer if louis van gaal wo n't negotiate , according to reports in spain . de gea has been in fantastic form this season , while iker casillas has long been seen as unreliable . the spaniard runs down his contract at old trafford in the summer of 2016 .
ryan bertrand has made 26 premier league appearances for southampton . the 25-year-old left back got his little girl a red ferrari like his own . the southampton left back has also forced his way back into the england squad . click here for all the latest southampton news .
dick advocaat will not make the same mistake he did during his first season at rangers . the 67-year-old takes charge of sunderland for the first time on home soil tomorrow . celtic won 5-1 and the dutch boss was criticised by fans and the media for under-estimating the intensity of the rivalry .
frank lampard showed his support for gay footballers in an interview on alan carr 's chatty man . former west ham united midfielder thomas hitzlsperger also came out as being gay not long after rogers . lampard said that the game is changing and losing it 's macho persona .
steve diamond 's side will face london irish , harlequins , newcastle and exeter in the coming weeks as they look to secure a top-six finish and qualification for next season 's european champions cup . cipriani took advantage off a free weekend to chill out on holiday .
ryan taylor scored the winner at the stadium of light three seasons ago . the 30-year-old has himself been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four derby defeats . taylor made 100 appearances by the time he was 21 before beating three career-threatening injuries which kept him out for 26 months .
the 5.45 acre estate in san clemente , california was bought by the former commander in chief in 1969 . nixon entertained 17 heads of state at the home , which was built in 1926 and overlooks the pacific ocean . among his guests were soviet leader leonid brezhnev and secretary of state henry kissinger .
brazilian player ratinho has taken ridiculous barnets to a whole new level . the 35-year-old had hexagon panels shaved into his head to resemble a football . ratinho 's side secured a 1-1 draw on the night thanks to a 76th minute strike from igor joao .
raheem sterling and theo walcott will likely go head-to-head at the emirates on saturday . both are in the process of negotiating contracts with their respective clubs . brendan rodgers has spoken in the past of his admiration for walcott while wenger has made no secret he is a fan of sterling .
manchester united face aston villa at the etihad stadium on saturday . louis van gaal is preparing his side for the clash with sir alex ferguson . the red devils have left both those teams listing a little . manchester city have stopped looking ahead and started to glance over their shoulder .
neymar and alves headed to watch el clasico on thursday night . brazil star neymar helped brazil beat chile 1-0 at the emirates stadium . barcelona prevailed with a narrow 85-80 victory in the euro league contest . luis enrique 's barcelona had won their contest to move four points clear .
anthony joshua will be entering the ring for the first time in 2015 . the london 2012 gold medallist is unbeaten in 10 professional bouts but yet to go past round three . gavern 's last fight in the uk came in november 2013 when he lost the prizefighter final to michael sprott .
arsenal boss arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield . sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona decided to let him leave . the 26-year-old was convinced to continue his career under wenger 's expert guidance , going on to make an instant impression in english football .
arsenal take on brendan rodgers ' side at the emirates on saturday . the gunners are third in the premier league and six points clear of liverpool in the race for the top four . arsene wenger must be in high spirits having seen his side win all six matches they played in march .
courtney lawes arrived in france with the saints ahead of the champions cup quarter-final against clermont auvergne . the england lock has been derided as a thug across the channel . jeff powell suggested that lawes should apologise for an offence he argued would put parents off allowing their children to play such a brutal , damaging game .
sir alex ferguson has picked neymar as the next man to challenge for the title of world 's best player , competing with ronaldo and lionel messi . the 23-year-old has been a star since joining barca in his homeland two years ago . ferguson says there is no standout player capable of rivaling messi or cristiano rononaldo at the moment .
juan mata revealed wayne rooney regularly tells him england can win euro 2016 . manchester united player of the month lifted the lid on rooney 's bullish attitude looking ahead to the tournament in june . mata has not played for spain since their exit from the 2014 world cup .
the 18-year-old , who was booked into lower buckeye jail in phoenix , is seen on surveillance video walking in a room he was not authorized to be in before being approached by two officers . officers including scott beaty approached the unidentified inmate and told him to go back to his cell before he began taking swings at them . the unnamed inmate was eventually subdued by a large group of officers who came to the scene .
xu and his son live outside yancheng , a city of 1.6 million in eastern china . hoping for a grandchild to carry on the bloodline , he spent 12,000 yuan -lrb- # 1,311 -rrb- purchasing a wife for his son , who has learning difficulties . six months after wang ` married ' into the family , xu discovered that the young couple had not slept together at all . desperate to have a ` grandson ' , x
simba the cat was rescued by firefigthers in meckenheim , germany . owners helga and eberhard henkel had lost their pet in early march . nearly four weeks later , a neighbour raised the alarm after hearing noises from under the bath . it is thought the animal had crawled under the floor as the bathroom was being renovated .
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy . but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite . some viewers have deemed the scene ` cute ' and ` hilarious ' .
the young swimmer was in the water in florida when she was filmed screaming out in horror as a giant manatee floated past just inches away . footage taken with the help of a selfie-stick , starts by showing the girl 's frightened face as she treads water desperately looking around .
spain beat spain 1-0 at the amsterdam arena on tuesday night . stefan de vrij and davy klaassen scored for the hosts . vicente del bosque says his spanish side were made to pay for a lacklustre opening 20 minutes .
zlatan ibrahimovic would have been idolised at marseille , says jose anigo . the paris saint-germain forward has been compared with cantona for the second time in the space of a few days following peter schmeichel 's comments regarding the 33-year-old . anigo has said he would have taken great satisfaction from seeing the swede .
cape verde is a group of islands 400 miles from senegal off the west coast of africa . its population is around 500,000 and boasts both beautiful beaches and striking volcanic landscapes . sporting lisbon ace nani is from cape verde but decided to represent portugal at national team level .
radamel falcao will consider his old trafford future at the end of this season . the manchester united striker scored a penalty against kuwait on monday . the colombian has only scored four goals since signing for man united . click here for all the latest man united news .
cardiff city will have no supporters present at saturday 's championship game against leeds united . both clubs have a history of fan trouble but leeds have not confirmed whether the decision for such a low number of tickets was down to the club , council or police . cardiff welcomed 2,200 leeds fans to the cardiff city stadium in the reverse fixture back in november 's game .
stephen john docherty , 66 , pleaded guilty to wounding with intent . he appeared at the whakatane district court on wednesday . according to police mr docherty hired the victim to complete concrete works at his property . once the victim returned , the two men got in a heated argument .
st john paramedics were called to a home in wagaman , northern darwin , at about 9pm on wednesday . the 38-year-old man had reportedly chewed and swallowed the entire glass bottle ` and then went for a lie down ' . there were over 500 calls made to northern territory police between 3pm-11pm .
sportsmail 's derek lawrenson gives his predictions ahead of the 79th masters at augusta on thursday . best american -lrb- non-uk -rrb- , henrik stenson spent a week in bed with flu recently and reckons his strength is still low . let 's hope the swede can rise from his sick bed .
the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday morning . its arms and legs appear wrapped around the fabric-wrapped pole with its bushy tail tucked down . but he decides to stay put and does n't move a paw .
keaway lafonz ivy , 21 , died from a single gunshot wound to the chest while filming a music video in maryland wednesday . police arrested 21-year-old lafonzo leonard iracks and charged him in connection to ivy 's slaying . iracks is facing a first-degree murder charge .
alaska department of fish and game biologist tom seaton lead 100 wood bison to freedom on a snowmobile . the land mammals were freed from a temporary pen , where they had been kept for just over a week during the transition . they journeyed for a distance of about a mile and crossed the innoko river before reaching the grass meadows of lower innoko .
the latest water sports craze of jet surfing has taken off at estavayer-le-lac in switzerland . the contraption can be seen leaping up above the surface , almost resembling scenes from the film back to the future . jet surf boards have a top speed of 33mph and weigh just 15kg .
mi5 has issued an alert over threat posed by rogue workers in nuclear , transport and public services after suicide pilot andreas lubitz killed 150 people . mi5 is now giving advice on the risk posed by thousands of employees working in sensitive areas -- known as ` insiders ' -- highlighted by the germanwings disaster .
mongolian khan took first place on the weekend 's esteemed $ 2 million australian derby . bosson 's agent adian rodley did n't realise he was being filmed when his broke into celebrations . the race expert has since tweeted that he has no intention of watching the video .
coast guard ships came to the aid of five boats in the southern mediterranean on saturday . the rescues were made as newly released figures show an increase of 43 per cent of migrant arrivals into the eu via italy . three of the migrants ' boats were in difficulty and sent rescue requests via satellite phones while they were off the coast of libya .
former valencia striker aritz aduriz pounced in the 90th minute to secure a 1-1 draw after valencia had been reduced to 10 men . nicolas otamendi had harshly received a straight red card eight minutes earlier for a high challenge . getafe bolstered their hopes of securing primera division status for next season .
santiago vergini is keen to stay at sunderland having played a key role in the wearside outfit 's 1-0 derby win over newcastle united on sunday . the argentinian returned to the stadium of light on a season-long loan deal from costa rican side sport uruguay de coronado in august last year . the 26-year-old has made 35 appearances to date this season .
ashley young wants to avoid a fifth successive derby defeat by manchester city . united have lost the last four derbies to city : 60 years ago . young thinks united have a good chance of defeating the barclays premier league champions if they maintain their current form . the united winger said : ` it will be another massive game ' .
jack grealish is renowned for wearing his socks low when he takes to the field for aston villa . the ireland under 21 international says he 'll carry on that way after making his first premier league start against qpr on tuesday night . his first league start for the club came in the pulsating 3-3 draw with qpr .
tiger woods says the par-3 contest is all about ` having fun , enjoying it and not winning ' . woods played in the tournament for the first time since 2004 . he made it quite a family outing with girlfriend lindsey vonn at his side , and his children caddying for him .
andy murray and novak djokovic are on another collision course in miami . the serbian beat david ferrer to reach the semi-finals of the miami open . ferrer dominated the quarter-final early on but was unable to sustain the pace against the world no 1 .
trainer paul webber was on sunday praying the ground at fairyhouse dries out further for cantlow . the 19-time champion won the 2007 running on butler 's cabin and success aboard cantlow would be a fairytale start to what could be mccoy 's final week as a jockey . webber has identified a reason why the 10-year-old pulled up quickly at kempton on his latest run .
robbie hennessy confirmed rubi light is a definite runner in the grand national . the grade one winner over two and a half miles schooled over aintree-style fences on saturday under big race jockey andrew lynch . the irish challenge also includes jim culloty 's lord windermere -lrb- robbie mcnamara -rrb- and gordon elliott 's cause of causes .
jockey william buick predicted a big future back on turf for tryster . the four-year-old beat complicit to complete a 22-1 treble for trainer charlie appleby . buick also rode pretend to victory in the unibet sprint championship stakes on a good day for godolphin .
marcelo bosch landed a long-range penalty in the final act of sunday 's showdown with racing metro to clinch a 12-11 victory that has set up a last-four trip to st etienne 's stade geoffroy-guichard . clermont are bristling with confidence after their remarkable 37-5 rout of runaway aviva premiership leaders northampton .
francis saili has signed a two-year deal with utility back saili . the 24-year-old made his all blacks debut against argentina in 2013 . saili was part of the new zealand under 20 side that won the junior world championship in italy in 2011 .
wasps coach dai young has called for reform to the premiership salary cap so english clubs can compete on the european stage . the comments came after his team lost 32-18 to toulon on sunday . lozowski makes a diving pass while his ankle is grasped by the toulon player on the ground .
anthony watson believes the pain of bath 's european champions cup exit can be a driving force in their push to make this season 's aviva premiership play-offs . bath dominated for large parts of the second period and claimed tries through fly-half george ford and captain stuart hooper . the english side came up short in the quest for a top-four finish .
tim bresnan last played in the england whites during the 5-0 ashes defeat in the winter of 2013/14 . in recent months he enjoyed a pre-world cup training session with the squad in australia and also turned out for england lions on their tour of south africa . the headingley faithful ' belief of ` strong yorkshire , strong england ' is already showing good signs with six white rose players currently on tour in the west indies .
england 's test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill . jonathan trott and gary ballance largely failed to do so . but bairstow made 98 and joe root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine . broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching his left ankle in the second over .
jack grealish made his first premier league start for aston villa against qpr on tuesday night . the 19-year-old saw villa lose twice at wembley in 2010 - in the league cup final and chelsea in the fa cup final four . villa face liverpool in the semi-final in a fa cup semi-finals .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 on monday night . jason puncheon scored a second-half free kick . palace chairman steve parish has revealed he wants to bring in extra investment so the club can improve their selhurst park home . parish has been at palace since he and his consortium saved the club from the brink of financial collapse in 2010 .
julian speroni will have a testimonial against dundee at the end of the season . the 35-year-old has played a lead role for palace this season . palace are on the look out for a new shirt sponsor after money transfer firm neteller ended their partnership with the club .
everton prepare to face swansea city at the liberty stadium on saturday . almost 4,000 fans were invited to watch roberto martinez put his players through their paces for free . john stones and aaron lennon also stuck around for a meet-and-greet session at the club 's megastore .
paul mcshane told his hull team-mates it 's time they woke up and realised they are in a relegation battle . if hull do go down , this will be among the missed opportunities they regret the most . hull have only scored twice in their last six away games in the league .
andy king was the hero as premier league strugglers leicester city struck late to earn a vital three points against west ham united . just four points behind sunderland with six of their eight remaining games to be played at home . nugent saw his penalty kick thwarted by west ham 's spanish goalkeeper adrian during the premier league clash at the king power stadium .
manchester united 's radamel falcao believes sergio aguero is his side 's biggest threat . colombian striker was speaking at #headtohead for puma 's ` evospeed 1.3 ' alongside the argentine when he spoke highly of this weekend 's manchester derby . the colombia international has scored six times against united since he joined city in 2011 .
haris vuckic admits he does not know where he will be playing next season . st james ' park youngster was one of five loanees sent to glasgow . kevin mbabu , remie streete , gael bigirimana and shane ferguson all injured .
james ward-prowse had just led england under 21s to a thrilling 3-2 victory over germany , scoring the winner after a remarkable 34-pass move . the saints rising star was speaking in an interview with sportsmail 's dominic king . he has been happy making progress away from the public gaze .
tottenham hotspur are moving forward with the next step towards their new stadium development at white hart lane . the north london club 's neighbours , archway sheet metal works , fought a long court battle with tottenham over the development but having failed with an appeal earlier this year . spurs plan to open a new ` world-class ' 56,000-seater stadium in just over three years time .
joey pulis has admitted joey barton ` probably had a point ' about west brom losing their cool during defeat to queens park rangers earlier this season . the midfielder said : ` they 've scored too early . they do n't know how to get over the finishing line ' . pulis recalled his own misfortune from leading 2-0 and losing as gillingham manager in the second division play-off final of 1999 .
west ham wonderkid reece oxford has moved closer to a first-team debut for the under 21 side . the 16-year-old scored with a header in the 3-2 defeat to manchester united on tuesday night . the goal will push oxford 's claims for a senior debut before the end of the season .
west ham beat west ham united four points clear at the top of the under 21 premier league . adnan januzaj captained manchester united under 21 side under 21 . harrop made the most of some poor handling from the west ham goalkeeper and cheekily volleyed in an effort to secure victory .
ronny deila agrees with gary teale 's claim that st mirren have one of the best pitches in the scottish premiership . the hoops boss said that artificial pitches would be an improvement at most of the grounds his team are asked to visit . the norwegian was not back-tracking on his assessment .
gary teale hit back at ronny deila 's criticism of the st mirren park pitch . celtic 's stefan johansen slots home his penalty to put his side 2-0 up . teale insists the criticism was unjustified and unfair on the pitch .
stuart mccall has dismissed any thought of his rangers future being decided before the end of the season . the former motherwell boss arrived last month on a deal until end of season . he is adamant he does n't expect any meaningful talks with the ibrox board until after the play-offs .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals during real madrid 's 9-1 mauling of granada . the portuguese struck five goals in a single match and saw him become only the third player to reach the 300-goal mark for madrid . benzema said on his club 's website : ` cristiano is a phenomenon ' .
christian benteke has scored seven goals in his last five villa games . the belgian striker is set to offload the club come the closed season . villa are currently second in bundesliga and should have funds available from champions league money . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
england left for the caribbean on thursday knowing they must beat the west indies on their return to test cricket . the stakes are high for england after a disastrous world cup and the introduction of a new ecb chairman in colin graves . coach peter moores answered questions about the possible return of kevin pietersen .
manchester united beat aston villa 1-0 at old trafford on saturday . ander herrera scored twice as united beat villa 3-1 at the etihad . louis van gaal admitted he was so pleased with herrera 's opening goal . the dutchman said he had a good kicking technique .
paolo dybala has been linked with a number of europe 's top clubs . argentine forward scored his 13th league goal of the season on saturday . palermo president maurizio zamparini says arsenal and juventus have already approached the club with bids .
marca have splashed about how carlo ancelotti has his ` six nations ' available again . the former monaco playmaker has been named in the real starting xi for the visit of granada on sunday . real madrid have a fearsome front line of different nationalities ready to chase down barcelona in the la liga run-in .
amir khan enjoyed a family trip to a safari park in northern california . the 28-year-old was joined by his wife faryal makhdoom khan as well as his daughter lamysa as they all enjoyed some time off . khan was linked with bouts against adrien broner and keith thurman .
jose mourinho did n't rule out a potential 12,000-mile round trip to japan . the squad is likely to fly out on either may 28 or 29 for a two-match , week-long trip . belgium face france in a friendly on june 7 before a vital euro 2016 qualifier against wales .
gary bowyer has hit out at fa cup rules which prevent him from fielding one of his own players against liverpool in wednesday 's sixth round replay . bowyer wanted to include 21-year-old midfielder john o'sullivan to face the reds having recalled him from a loan spell with league one barnsley last month .
sean dyche believes his burnley side are more than capable of avoiding the premier league drop . the clarets are gearing up for the final eight games of their barclays premier league survival battle reinvigorated after a warm-weather training camp . the idea of a late-season getaway worked wonders last year as dyche 's men returned to secure a promotion spot .
napoli lost 1-0 at home to lazio in the second leg of their coppa italia semi-final on wednesday . di laurentiis was furious after his team continued their recent slide by losing 2-1 on aggregate . the elimination came on top of a run of five serie a matches without a win which has seen napoli drop from third place to sixth .
lebron james scored 23 points in the cavaliers ' win over the heat . the cleveland cavaliers won 114-88 at the american airlines arena . point guard kyrie irving also scored 23 as the heat saw dwyane wade go down with a knee injury in the first half .
saracens take on racing metro in paris on sunday in the european champions cup quarter-final . the flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play rugby . saracens director of rugby mark mccall described burger as ` unique among rugby players ' .
blackpool were held to a 1-1 draw against reading on tuesday night . the tangerines ' demotion into the third tier was confirmed on easter monday . grant hall scored an own goal just after half-time to leave lee clark disappointed . blackpool have now lost their last two league games .
england captain alastair cook completed a century on the second morning of england 's opening tour match in the west indies . cook resumed on 95 and reached three figures with minimal fuss before retiring out . he offered a gentle wave of the bat and a handshake to partner gary ballance and walked off on 101 from 200 deliveries .
jonathan trott and alastair cook combine impressively as england take on a st kitts and nevis invitational xi . the pair came together here at the top of the order for the first time since a brief experiment in bangladesh five years ago . trott was recovered from the mental condition that forced his departure from australia .
chelsea host stoke city in the premier league on saturday . jose mourinho was speaking at chelsea 's press conference on friday . the blues lead the table by six points , with a game in hand . click here for all the latest belgium news , probable line ups and more .
liverpool face arsenal at the emirates on saturday . brendan rodgers ' side have been in good form since they last played arsenal . liverpool have won just one and picked up four points against the premier league 's other top-flight wins in as many games in march .
arsenal striker olivier giroud won the barclays premier league player of the month award for march . giroud netted five times in arsenal 's four consecutive league wins last month as arsene wenger 's side took all 12 points on offer . thierry henry , eric cantona and nicolas anelka were ranked as a month 's best player in the english top flight .
kenwyne jones levelled for bournemouth in the 82nd minute . freddie sears converted from close range to put ipswich ahead . jones was taken on loan from cardiff 10 days ago to power in a header . sears scored the only goal of the game in the second half .
liverpool face arsenal at the emirates on saturday . brendan rodgers ' side are five points adrift of the qualification places . the reds lost 13-match unbeaten league run at home to manchester united . rodgers has urged his team to perform well in the clash with arsenal .
liverpool host arsenal at anfield in the premier league on saturday . martin skrtel scored an injury-time equaliser in liverpool 's 2-2 draw with arsenal in december . robbie fowler scored the quickest hat-trick in premier league history for liverpool against arsenal in 1994 .
mario balotelli , fabio borini , rickie lambert and lazar markovic got more than they bargained for when youtube star bas van velzen arrived at melwood . the merseysiders were led to believe that the dutch free-kick specialist was a competition winner who had won the opportunity to meet the anfield stars . the stand-in keeper was helpless as the youtube star 's strike sailed into the top corner .
rickie fowler posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week . the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers , which included an abusive commenter known as ` fatalsplash ' who was quick to judge and accused alexis of being a ` gold digger ' . fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans .
mark wood has been called up by england for the test series against west indies . the 25-year-old would be forgiven for checking the fit , because standing at 5ft 11in and weighing just over 12st . the durham paceman has the perfect remedy to keep things interesting during a lengthy stint on the boundary rope .
brad haddin came under fire for his send-off of kiwi opener martin guptill . a photograph of haddin and all-rounder james faulkner mocking grant elliott after his dismissal cast a shadow over the australian 's fifth world cup triumph . lehmann insisted haddin was following team orders .
yorkshire have signed cheteshwar pujara until the end of may . the indian batsman is now looking to be part of pakistan 's potential touring party to bangladesh . younus was set to be yorkshire 's overseas signing for 2015 . click here for all the latest yorkshire news .
ian bell has signed a three-year contract extension with warwickshire . the 32-year-old has gone on to play 105 test matches and 161 one-day internationals for england . bell has won five trophies with the county championship in 2004 and 2012 , the b&h cup in 2002 and 2012 .
former rangers striker marco negri has revealed he quit the scottish giants after fearing he was hiv-positive . negri joined the ibrox outfit from perugia for # 3.5 million in 1997 . he scored 23 goals in his first 10 league games for the club .
raheem sterling was brought down by hector bellerin for liverpool 's penalty . liverpool fans protested against the rising price of football for travelling fans . the reds joined his appeals for a penalty when he had been nudged over by per mertesacker in the first half .
muliaina , who earned a century of caps for new zealand before retiring after the 2011 world cup , signed for connacht at the beginning of the season . moments after his side 's 14-7 loss at kingsholm , the kiwi veteran was led away to a police van with the entire incident broadcasted live on tv .
australian movie and music downloaders could soon be slapped with a 10 per cent tax in a move that could reel in billions of additional gst revenue for the federal government . consumer advocacy group choice says tech-savvy australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks . choice argues that the government should instead be tackling the exorbitant domestic costs of tv shows , music and movies .
kevin pietersen has rejoined surrey in a last-ditch bid to earn his place in england 's ashes squad for the start of his campaign against glamorgan in just over a fortnight . darren gough says his pal only has a small chance of returning for england .
john hartson was diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2009 . the former luton , arsenal , west ham and celtic striker admitted cancer forced him to face up to a gambling addiction and he changed his ways . he says he loves the settled life he has formed for teams such as arsenal and west ham .
a brazilian website is claiming to have the new chelsea kit for sale . gareth bale 's name on the back has been linked with a return to england . the website has the new sponsor on the front of the kits . bale has struggled at real madrid this season .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 at home in the premier league on saturday . goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put the gunners 3-0 ahead . jordan henderson pulled one back from the penalty spot for the visitors .
leeds united are the subject of a takeover bid from red bull . massimo cellino said that leeds ' majority shareholder eleonora sport was considering the offer . the soft drink giant already own three clubs - rb leipzig in germany , red bull salzburg in austria and mls side new york red bulls .
david villa has enjoyed a solid start in america , scoring once and helping his side to third place in the eastern conference . the former barcelona forward posted the picture on his instagram of his family enjoying the empire state building in new york . the arrival of frank lampard at the end of the premier league season will be a major boost .
steven gerrard was pictured in the paper at just 12-years-old . the former england captain was reporting on a game between england schoolboys and republic of ireland . steve heighway highlighted the importance of ` nurturing ' the midfielder and described him as ` outstanding ' .
arsenal thrashed liverpool 4-1 at home with goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil , alexis sanchez and olivier giroud . brendan rodgers praised raheem sterling , despite liverpool 's heavy defeat . wenger says arsenal will have to be perfect until the end of the season .
harry kane won his first senior caps for england last week . but kenny dalglish believes he has proven himself capable of making the step up . kane is ready to be a permanent member of the full squad , rather than the under-21s , according to kenny .
manchester city have lost too much ground to chelsea in the premier league title race . manuel pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the champions league places and not the title . manchester city travel to crystal palace on monday -lrb- 3pm kick-off -rrb- .
arsenal and liverpool fans left their seats empty at the emirates stadium for the first 10 minutes of their lunchtime barclays premier league clash . protesters hope the image of empty seats around the ground will raise awareness of the struggles fans face to meet the rising costs of following their clubs .
wesley sneijder launched his knife range in galatasaray colours . leeds fans , kevin speight and christopher loftus , were killed in istanbul . a minute 's silence will be held before leeds and blackburn rovers meet at elland road on saturday .
no young person wants their parents following them on social media . deion sanders jr. wrote on twitter thursday ; ` got ta get the hood doughnuts almost every morning , i do n't want them ! ' . his son , deion , seems to benefit from his dad 's reported $ 40million worth .
analysts watch clips of beheadings , violent attacks and hard core pornography which sometimes features children in an effort to gain clues . intelligence agencies employ special psychiatrists and therapists to help the analysts cope with the ` extraordinary toll ' the work can have . agencies like the cia , nsa , and national counterterrorism center hire therapists to deal with analysts ' trauma .
kurt cobain , john lennon and freddie mercury all blended into 30 single faces . some band members in particular shine through . at first glance , the photo for the beatles looks like a blurry picture . others will know ringo , george and paul were equally pivotal .
the broward state attorney 's office reported on thursday that they had already dropped 12 felony cases , 19 criminal misdemeanor cases and one juvenile case involving one or more of the officers . the arresting officers in the cases , which include burglary , cocaine possession and aggravated assault with a firearm , are no longer on the police force .
the weaver ant is able to cleverly balance the centipede which is much larger and heavier but helpless in the insect 's grasp . the dramatic , up-close images , captured by a bornean student , show the incredible power of the tiny creature . the tiny insect uses the poise of a circus performer or an american wrestler .
derek skyler brux , 22 , pleaded guilty in january for unhitching a pair of locomotives and going on a high-speed run 13 miles down one of the busiest lines of track in the country . brux then crashed into an inactive union pacific train at 10mph before backing up and then hitting it again . he was preparing to hit the train a third time when a rail link employee was able to get on the engine train and press the fuel cut-off switch .
jia binhui , 25 , built a human barbecue in his garden in china 's yunnan province , which he lies on above a fire below , like a spit roast . he hopes the scorching coals will cure his leukaemia cells after running out of money for hospital treatment .
kunaratnam kunanatha , 36 , admitted seven offences under food safety and hygiene regulations at medway magistrates ' court . he admitted two health and safety charges including a failure to maintain the electrical installation to prevent danger . he was fined # 14,500 and ordered to pay # 2,793 in costs .
jose mourinho said he talks to god every day but never discusses the game with his wife matilde faria . the father-of-two said that he and his family ` know about poverty ' and have been privileged to have worked with the word food programme as an ambassador against hunger . chelsea are currently top of the league and are playing struggling qpr this weekend .
the cricket commentator had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november . benaud died peacefully in his sleep overnight surrounded by his wife daphne and family members . a veteran of 63 test matches , benaud played a pivotal role in the formation of world series cricket in the 1970s .
patrick o'flynn said ukip needs to ` work harder ' as it is ` lagging ' behind with female voters . polls suggest around 15 per cent of men are planning to back the party . the party 's economics spokesman said the party sometimes resembles a ` rugby club on tour ' with members who can be ` boorish ' and ` chauvinistic ' .
vanessa santillan 's body was found in a # 400,000 flat in fulham , london . the 33-year-old mexican national died as a result of injuries to the head and neck . he has been told to return to a london police station for further questioning .
england beat china 2-1 in their world cup opener at academy stadium . jodie taylor scored the second goal of her short international career . wang shanshan cut china 's arrears after shaky defending . england struggled to build on their early assault on the china goal .
fenerbahce have called for the suspension of the turkish championship . the bus came under armed attack as it drove to the airport . the attack followed fener 's 5-1 win away to rizespor in turkey 's super lig . players and coaching staff survey the damage after the attack .
manchester united beat liverpool 2-1 at anfield in the premier league . juan mata scored a fantastic brace against the reds . wayne rooney feels the club are on course to qualify for the champions league . the united captain admits nothing less than victory will suffice when aston villa host villa on saturday .
jonathon stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin . he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the ` great man ' . the letter was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers .
wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford . it was his sixth goal in eight matches for united since being restored up front by louis van gaal after a spell in midfield . united were leading 1-0 after 79 minutes when rooney spun brilliantly .
dan klice , 57 , was officiating at a competition held at ramapo college in mahwah , new jersey , when he was pierced by the projectile . police say that he saw the errant javelin headed towards him and tried to dodge it - but tripped over in the process .
jonathan stevenson was just 16 years old when he asked for benaud 's advice on left-handed leg spin . he shared the lengthy response on twitter on friday as a tribute to the ` great man ' . the letter was a full sheet of notes about spin bowling for left-hand bowlers .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract extension worth # 100,000 a week . the liverpool striker has just two years left on his deal at the end of this season . rodgers has criticised the player 's advisor , suggesting he would be inclined to stay at liverpool if left to make a decision alone .
chelsea beat stoke city 2-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . eden hazard starred for jose mourinho 's team . charlie adam equalised with an astonishing strike from inside his own half shortly before half time . stoke continued to make things difficult for chelsea until an asmir begovic error led to loic remy tapping in the winner .
the piglet was born with its back legs missing and has mastered the art of balancing on its front trotters . heartwarming clip featured on the people 's daily online shows the young animal taking unsteady steps , wobbling about with its snout to the ground . it happily mixes with the rest of the litter , which have all been born with a full complement of legs .
the talented toddler has become an internet sensation in china . she carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music . happily bobbing along to the music , the youngster slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware , as seen in a video on the people 's daily online .
such has been the volatility at the top of the championship this season . aitor karanka 's team are top of a division that has witnessed the leadership change hands 15 times . bournemouth and 10-man watford could only draw at ipswich and derby respectively in the evening matches .
wigan athletic have made club captain gary caldwell their new manager . the 32-year-old will take charge for the first time against fulham . the former scotland international signed a new one-year contract with the club in july last year . mackay was relieved of his duties following wigan 's 2-0 defeat to derby .
brentford beat fulham 1-0 at craven cottage on saturday . stuart dallas scored the only goal of the game in the second half . ross mccormack 's 67th minute penalty halved the deficit . dallas runs away to celebrate his second goal just before the hour mark .
michael vaughan is expected to be a supremo who will be very much with the team but moores was not sure england needed another voice in the dressing room . moores is sad to see the departure of paul downton , the man who brought him back to the coaching job and called him the ` outstanding coach of his generation ' .
michael vaughan , alec stewart and andrew strauss are three former captains bidding to lead england 's reform after paul downton was sacked as managing director . all three achieved a great deal while playing for england and are well-respected figures within the game . sportsmail takes a closer look at the trio battling to become the most powerful man in english cricket .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2-1 at the signal iduna park . nicholas godden 's side are 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga . lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer .
liverpool beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates on saturday . mario balotelli was not included in the liverpool squad to face arsenal . brendan rodgers revealed the italian had withdrawn himself from the squad to travel to arsenal after taking a ` slight knock ' in training .
northampton beat clermont 37-5 at the stade marcel-michelin . the saints sit 10 points clear at the summit of the aviva premiership . northampton director of rugby jim mallinder admitted defeat was among the most distressing nights of his career . abendanon cast his magic over the saints defence to inspire comprehensive victory .
chelsea beat stoke city 2-1 at the stamford bridge on saturday . diego costa is likely to miss chelsea 's barclays premier league matches . jose mourinho threw costa on at half-time after going into the interval . costa lasted just over 10 minutes as he pulled up with a hamstring injury .
mauricio pochettino could be the saviour of english football . argentine has gathered a considerable reputation since arriving in england just over two years ago . mason has paid tribute to the impact the argentinian has had on the english game . the 43-year-old has had a successful loan spell at swindon and unused .
rory mcilroy could become just the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national on sunday . he has designs on not just filling his trophy cabinet but becoming the true figurehead of his sport . chelsea 's relentless win-at-all-costs manager jose mourinho is aiming for more than trophies .
blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , was competing against his older brother , cody . but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground . immediately blaine starts wailing with tears welling up in his eyes .
alan stubbs feared there would have been crowd trouble if he 'd agreed to have his hibs team form a guard of honour for hearts in the edinburgh derby . hearts head coach robbie neilson and jambos defender alim ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement .
sam allardyce 's contract expires at the end of the season . west ham have already beaten their total in the barclays premier league season by two points with seven games to spare , but a run of poor form in 2015 has led to speculation . big sam is wasting no time in preparing for the 2015-16 campaign .
natasha jonas will retire from boxing after a successful career . liverpool-born 30-year-old made history when she became the first female boxer to represent great britain in an olympic games . the liverpool man won the women 's lightweight competition at london 2012 .
thomas bjorn 's shot managed to land in the lap of a female fan . the 25-year-old is a keen guitarist and can be heard practising on the tour . bubba watson fought back with a solid 71 to keep him in the hunt . click here for all the latest boxing news .
danny willett carded an opening round of 71 at augusta national . the 27-year-old was in the second group out at 7.56 am . the sheffield 's brother tweeted : ` bro @willett1987 shot under par in 1st round of #masters2015 debut ' .
arnold palmer defied his age and a shoulder injury to hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 masters at augusta national . the 85-year-old hit his tee shot low and left but the crowds will have been thrilled to see the legend in action . nicklaus , 75 , who recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the par 3 contest , was around 10 yards behind player .
novak djokovic beat john isner 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-2 in the finalof the miami open . the no 1-seeded no 1 seed closed to within one win of his fifth key biscayne title . he will face andy murray , who defeated tomas berdych 6-4 .
nico rosberg and lewis hamilton visited mercedes ' brackley base on thursday . the mercedes team-mates have been collaborating with their team to ensure the prancing horse does n't gallop to victory at the next race in china . the duo appeared to be singing from the same hymn sheet .
lewis hamilton said the incident occurred at nelson mandela 's 90th birthday party back in 2008 . the british racer wanted to introduce himself to will smith when the incident happened . the 30-year-old revealed how once stepped on the foot of former usa president bill clinton .
formula one great jackie stewart has bemoaned the downfall of the german grand prix . german gp was erased from the 2015 schedule because of financial problems and f1 commercial head bernie ecclestone could not guarantee the future of the race . the race has been shared between hockenheim and nurburgring in recent seasons .
lewis hamilton features on the front cover of the may edition of the popular health publication . the mercedes racer leads the drivers ' championship after two races of the 2015 season after finishing first and second . the 30-year-old believes the physical demands of racing are often under-estimated by fans .
the $ 40million -lrb- # 27m -rrb- roof was affected by the winds on late sunday and monday due to high winds . images on social media appeared to show a section of the roof had been removed . silverstone officials say engineers began assessing the damage on wednesday .
england world cup winner jason robinson reveals he once contemplated suicide . the 40-year-old admits he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club wigan . robinson scored for england in the 2003 world cup final victory against australia in sydney .
yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title . kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion from the second tier . former surrey and england batsman mark butcher 's guide to the county championship division one . hampshire players join in with a selfie with their sponsors at their ageas bowl home in southampton .
zimbabwe could become the first test playing country to tour pakistan since gunmen attacked the sri lanka team bus in lahore six years ago . shaharyar khan says zimbabwe is willing to tour for five one-day international matches and he hopes the tour will go ahead next month .
alex rodriguez returned from a suspension that spanned all of the 2014 season for admitted to receiving and using performance-enhancing drugs from a florida clinic . yet a-rod received a warm welcome on his comeback , with fans even holding up signs that read ` forgive ' in the crowd . the new york yankees designated hitter john jaso suffered a left wrist contusion sliding into second base in the first inning of monday 's season opener against the orioles
tim sherwood has revealed he is still in touch with tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy . sherwood sacked sherwood as spurs head coach at the end of last season and brought in mauricio pochettino . the 46-year-old had nothing but praise for levy , who joined in 2001 , and his former employers .
jordan henderson toiled as a wing back in liverpool 's defeat against arsenal . the england star has not given the ball away as much all season for liverpool . john o'shea has learned the canny defender 's art of letting his brain do all the running .
harry kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ` best week of my life ' . tottenham are seven points off fourth-placed manchester city . kane was chosen as spurs captain after a week which has seen him score on his england debut and make his first start for the national team .
burnley defender michael duff was satisfied with the way his side subdued prolific goalscorer harry kane at turf moor . kane could not find a way to break the deadlock in the 0-0 draw against burnley . sean dyche 's clarets would have escaped the bottom three had they won .
nedum onuoha has 15 months left on contract and has played regularly under chris ramsey . qpr have held talks over a move for catania defender nicolas spolli . victor anichebe is also being watched by hull city and could move to the kc stadium in the summer .
andy king scored a 50th goal for leicester city against the hammers . the 26-year-old has been on 49 for a long time . leicester remain at the foot of the barclay 's premier league table . king is joined by david nugent to celebrate his goal .
esteban cambiasso scored with a sweet strike in the 12th minute to put his side 1-0 up at the king power stadium . the former real madrid and inter milan star has received high praise from his manager nigel pearson . pearson said : ` even if he had n't scored the goal , i would still have said he was man of the match ' .
daniel agger is involved in a physical battle with copenhagen striker andreas cornelius . the incident happened during the hotly-contested derby against copenhagen on monday . match officials took no action during the game , which finished in a goalless draw , but the danish fa found agger guilty having reviewed video footage of the incident .
benfica have made an enquiry for sheffield united 's diego de girolamo . the italy under 20 international is leaving bramall lane this summer . celtic want the forward to train with them ahead of making a decision . southampton have also expressed an interest in the italian forward .
west bromwich albion will make a # 3million move for neil taylor . the wales international has impressed several premier league managers over the past few years including brendan rodgers at liverpool and alan pardew . tony pulis is keen for taylor to fill in at left back .
harry kane lined up against etienne capoue , nabil bentaleb , eric dier , roberto soldado , danny rose and the apparent king of the crossbar . the adage ` close but no cigar ' best represents the opening round of attempts from 40 yards . kane 's third go was no good but a fourth out of shot hit the mark .
jeremy peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america , china and australia with some parties already having a tour of the club 's training ground facilities . peace owns 77 per cent and is looking to sell the club for between # 150million to # 200m .
qpr defeated west brom 2-0 in their premier league clash at the hawthorns on saturday . bobby zamora scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle . eduardo vargas was sent off for qpr with a 25-yard strike in the second half .
james tomkins hopes to return to action with west ham before the end of the season . the defender dislocated his shoulder in the gym last month . tomkins has undergone successful surgery on his shoulder . click here for all the latest west ham united news , probable line ups and more from the premier league .
peter lawwell admits it was a matter of getting over the ` le guen hump ' . celtic manager ronny deila admitted that the first six months in charge were mentally tough . deila plastered on the brave face and talked of looking behind the results for progress for the post .
haris vuckic has thrived at rangers under stuart mccall . the 22-year-old has scored six times since signing for rangers . but he has denied a report on tyneside stating he had already declared his intention to quit st james park , where he has one year left on his contract .
cristiano ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned by referee mario melero lopez after he was chopped down by antonio amaya inside the box . real madrid want the yellow card shown to their star forward to be suspended for the game against eibar in la liga on saturday .
rio ferdinand believes manchester united are at their strongest with wayne rooney in attack . ferdinand praised van gaal for moving rooney further up the pitch . he also believes united need a fit rooney up front after playing him in midfield . click here for all the latest manchester derby news .
peter quillin may be nicknamed ` kid chocolate ' but he shows none of the expected arrogance . the 31-year-old 's verbal patter buzzes with a modesty and philosophical slant often betrays the expectations of a hard-hitting middleweight . lee is the defending champion next weekend .
billy joe saunders and chris eubank jnr could rematch in under six weeks after the pair reignited their war of words at a london press conference on thursday . the pair clashed in a memorable 12-round grudge match on november 29 with british , commonwealth and european middleweight champions saunders handing his rival his first career defeat . now the duo are both set to fight at wembley arena on may 9 but not against each
glenn murray has scored 19 goals for tottenham this season . harry kane and diego costa are locked on 19 goals in the race . chelsea have four players in the top 10 , including andre schurrle , who left for wolfsburg in january .
atletico madrid beat valencia 2-0 at bottom side cordoba on saturday . antoine griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season by netting opener . valencia have 60 points in fourth and can reclaim third spot with a win at home to sixth-placed villarreal on sunday .
qpr beat west brom 4-1 at the hawthorns in the premier league on saturday . joey barton believes his side have a ` hell of a chance ' of staying up . qpr are just three points behind aston villa , who they travel to on tuesday .
crystal palace have won six out of 10 league games since pardew succeeded neil warnock at the start of the year . the eagles were in the bottom three when pardew took over and their climb up the table has succeeded in easing relegation fears . pardew maintains he would acquit himself better than some of the managers currently employed by the premier league 's trophy-chasing sides .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . ander herrera opened the scoring before half time and wayne rooney made it two after the interval . christian benteke pulled one back for tim sherwood 's side . but herrera added his second and united 's third late on to secure the three points for manchester united .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . louis van gaal has warned his players that champions league qualification is still not assured despite holding an eight-point gap over liverpool . the red devils are likely to be champions but you have to keep on putting pressure .
ander herrera started just three of the 21 games manchester united played in that period , prompting much chatter about his place in the squad . it is no secret david moyes wanted to bring herrera to old trafford on deadline day in august 2013 but red tape scuppered his ambitions . herrera has established himself in louis van gaal 's first team plans after missing out in previous months .
anthony joshua stopped jason gavern in the third round . gavern was dropped twice in the second round and twice more . the american was returning from a five-month lay-off after suffering a stress fracture in his back , but still was n't happy with his performance .
dereck chisora has not boxed since he was stopped by switch-hitting tyson fury at london 's excel arena in november . the fight was a final eliminator for a shot at wladimir klitschko 's wbo title and fury is now the mandatory challenger for that strap . ` del boy ' has been regrouping and recovering from an eye injury sustained during the 10-round beating .
david templeton spoke out about his former managers ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall . former hearts star templeton claimed last week that mccall had introduced a brand of coaching and tactical preparation which had been lacking under the previous management . templeton hinted that they may have been motivated by the player 's lack of game time .
dave king is back on the rangers board after being cleared by the court of session . king won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the club 's pivotal general meeting last month . he has been holding off from taking up a post until he has cleared all regulatory barriers .
celta vigo forward fabian orellana has been handed a one-match ban by the spanish football federation . the incident happened during barca 's 1-0 victory over celta vigo on sunday . busquets made the most of the contact and grabbed his eye .
xavi recently travelled to qatar to discuss a possible switch to al sadd . the barcelona midfielder has managed just five starts in 21 games since the turn of the year . luis enrique insists xavi has a vital role to play in the club 's hunt for the treble .
franck ribery claims he turned down real madrid five years ago . the french winger has won four bundesliga titles as well as a champions league during his time with the german giants . he was told he could be as vital to bayern munich as lionel messi is to barcelona .
borussia dortmund face hoffenheim in the dfb pokal on tuesday . jurgen klopp 's men have failed to score in four of their last five league games . sven bender says his side need to start scoring more goals if they want to win games .
alexis sanchez has been hailed as the best strike partner he 's ever had . di natale won 42 caps for italy between 2002 and 2012 . francesco totti and alessandro del piero are just two of the names he has played alongside but he told arsenal 's official website that sanchez tops the lot .
alessandro matri , roberto pereyra and leonardo bonucci scored for juventus . juventus were hit with the news that former premier league striker tevez was to miss the match due to a thigh injury just hours before kick-off . bonucci opened the scoring for the hosts with a celebratory hug by alvaro morata and arturo vidal .
roma have been ordered to close part of their stadium for their next home game against atalanta on april 19 . the banner , displayed during roma 's 1-0 defeat of napoli , caused outcry for insulting the mother of a napoli fan who was killed in violent clashes between supporters last year . roma supporters were sanctioned for showing an offensive banner over the weekend .
norwich , leicester , newcastle and stoke have watched kevin toner as his contract nears its end . toner has been capped by republic of ireland 's under-19s and roy keane is believed to have told under-21 boss noel king of his potential .
hibs boss alan stubbs has emerged as a candidate to succeed malky mackay after he was sacked by wigan athletic . stubbs ' no2 , john doolan , formed part of uwe rosler 's backroom staff at the dw stadium before the german was sacked in november . former celtic defender gary caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis .
celtic beat st mirren 2-0 in paisley on friday night . stefan johansen believes his side 's title aspirations ` look great ' . the dons have only lost one league game this year and take four successive victories into the home match against partick thistle .
celtic beat st mirren 2-0 at the state of pitches in scotland . ronny deila was impressed with his side 's performance on friday night . he believes scottish football will struggle to develop top players if there is n't a drastic improvement in our pitches .
ian poulter has two top 10 finish at the masters in his 10 attempts . this year he has simply said to hell with it . he says he will be fit and fresh for his latest assault on augusta national . the bahamas star says he has tried every type of formula .
gary player will attend his 58th masters this week fully expecting to welcome a new member to the game 's most exclusive club and salute what he considers would be one of the sport 's finest accomplishments . rory mcilroy is just the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25 .
rory mcilroy is targeting his third major title and the completion of his career grand slam at augusta national . tiger woods achieved it at the home of golf with his one and only appearance at the open championship . the 79th masters was set up beautifully as it was 155 years after the first major championship .
barcelona travel to almeria in la liga on wednesday night . luis enrique is confident neymar will soon return to top form . the brazilian has not scored for the leaders in la league since hitting the opener in a 5-0 win at home to levante on february 15 .
manuel pellegrini says he does not fear the sack after manchester city 's title hopes suffered a big blow at crystal palace . palace piled the pressure on the chilean with an outstanding win that was secured by goals from glenn murray and jason puncheon . it leaves city nine points behind barclays premier league leaders chelsea .
rory mcilroy is one of only five players to win the masters next week . the world no 1 is now 103 places above woods in the world rankings . rory 's rise from child prodigy to the world 's best has been beautifully told in a new two-minute video created by their sponsors nike .
former manchester united midfielder quinton fortune claims neymar looked a shadow of his former self during barcelona 's 1-0 la liga win over celta vigo . barcelona ensured they remained four points clear of real madrid by scrapping to a hard-fought victory over mid-table outfit . fortune , who himself played in spain during his time at mallorca and atletico madrid in the 1990s , went on to praise barcelona for having a plan
stoke city midfielder charlie adam scored one of the best goals of the premier league era in the defeat to chelsea . courtois scrambled back towards goal but was unable to deny the 29-year-old the goal of his career . adam 's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour .
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 in their premier league clash at the emirates . john terry hailed eden hazard as one of the world 's best players . chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the premier league . loic remy was on hand to turn home hazard 's square pass .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool until the summer . the 20-year-old has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid , bayern munich , manchester city and arsenal . sterling was just 17 years old in 2012 when he was told off by rodgers for answering him back at training .
paul casey has returned to the world 's top 50 after leaving the european tour to concentrate on his game . the former world no 3 is desperate to play in the ryder cup again . casey last played in the 2008 defeat by usa at valhalla . click here for all the latest from europe .
odion ighalo scored the only goal of the game in watford 's 2-2 draw with watford . adlene guedioura seized on hesitant defending by craig forsyth with 15 minutes to slip a weighted pass to his team-mate . the final act was heurelho gomes producing a fingertip save from richard keogh ' header .
dundee united lost 2-0 to celtic in the scottish league cup on wednesday . jackie mcnamara 's side have failed to win any of their last 10 games . dundee are currently 10th in the premier league , 10 points behind chelsea .
paris saint-germain forward edinson cavani has rejected rumours that he does not get on with zlatan ibrahimovic . reports had suggested a breakdown in the pair 's relationship . former napoli forward cavani admits that he and ibramovic are not necessarily friends but dismissed speculation of a rift with the sweden international .
nick abendanon won the last of his two caps for england back in 2007 . the english full back was man of the match for the third time against premiership opposition this year . clermont auvergne 's former bath full back ran amok as the premiership champions were thrashed 37-5 .
australianwidefishingguide shows tourists how it 's done . the video was filmed from a vehicle on an empty dirt road in the bush . it shows the guide lying down on his back and kicking his legs in the air . he looks like something between an up-side down bicycle rider and a dead cockroach .
andre ayew is out of contract this summer and will be available on a free transfer at the end of the season . spurs are facing stiff competition in the race to land ayew . mauricio pochettino is known to be a fan and the ghana international fits into tottenham 's transfer blueprint .
tottenham hotspur host tottenham in the premier league on tuesday . tim sherwood , chris ramsey and les ferdinand will all be in the staff canteen at white hart lane . the pair will be in opposing dug-outs at villa park , trying to lead their teams away from relegation danger in these final .
harry kane believes tottenham still have a chance of qualifying for the champions league this season . the 21-year-old became the youngest premier league captain this season during the drab goalless draw against burnley . spurs are now seven points behind manchester city , who play crystal palace on monday night .
raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool until the summer . harry redknapp insisted sterling is not ready to move to the likes of real madrid at this stage of his career . the 68-year-old also conceded that if he wants to force a move , there is very little liverpool can do to stop him .
raheem sterling has never said he wants to leave liverpool . brendan rodgers insists that his relationship with sterling is as strong as ever . sterling did suggest he is considering his future at the club . but rodgers claims he is still focused on playing for liverpool during the remainder of the season .
michael owen has warned raheem sterling that life after liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be after the england youngster revealed this week he had rejected a # 100,000-a-week deal at anfield . owen started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid .
chelsea boss jose mourinho has fanned the flames of raheem sterling 's contract stand-off with liverpool . the 20-year-old said he would sell any of his chelsea players if they did not want to play for the club . arsenal are also keen on the england international .
arsenal 's olivier giroud and arsene wenger have been named as the barclays premier league player and manager of the month for march . giroud netted five times in arsenal 's four consecutive league wins last month . wenger inspired arsenal to four victories from four games in the premier league .
raheem sterling has confirmed he rejected an offer of # 100,000-a-week to stay at liverpool until the summer . the 20-year-old gave an interview to the bbc on wednesday giving his reasons for his decision . sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool .
jaap stam was informed by sir alex ferguson that he was being sold to lazio . the manchester united manager did n't mention in the same conversation that his son , jason , stood to make a seven-figure sum in his role as an agent in the deal . roy keane remains confident sterling will stay and the situation will be resolved in the summer .
in latest advertisement dove asked a group of women to write down every thought they had about themselves . the women filled in a notebook each , and handed it back to dove . unbeknownst to the women , those criticisms , negative remarks and tirades of self body-shaming were turned into a script .
the toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45 am on friday in yuma , arizona . after a police search that lasted more than an hour , the brothers were pulled from the water . they were flown by a u.s. marine corps helicopter to a yuma hospital , where they were pronounced dead .
former us president george h.w. bush accompanied australian tennis player roy emerson at the u.s. men 's clay court championship in houston , texas . bush , 90 , fell ill in december and was hospitalized after complaining of shortness of breath . he and his wife have attended many atp fundraisers and charity events throughout the years .
abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in a volkswagen passat on wednesday . the 48-year-old was said to have been embroiled in dispute with his former workplace , the an-noor mosque in acton . his name appears in caribbean parliament documents surrounding a violent coup attempt in 1990 by muslim group jamaat al muslimeen .
the mounds of rubbish will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up . it is believed the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the waste . the rubbish includes materials used in the carpet and veterinary industries . pc mark bryant said it is the worst case of flytipping he 's seen in 28 years .
council chiefs in stratford-upon-avon were left red-faced after a leaflet promoting recycling ... could not itself be recycled . the leaflet told residents what items could go in them but a footnote said : ` this is not recyclable ' . the recycling rate of just over 59 per cent for 2013/14 put stratford eighth out of 352 authorities nationwide .
cody got stuck in the bog in belvedere , south-east london . crew members climbed into the watery ditch as they tried to ease him . cody was covered head to hoof in mud after being dragged to safety . fire crews were dispatched to save him from his ordeal shortly before 1.30 pm .
mark o'meara rolled back the years with one of the standout rounds of the day to make the cut at the masters for the first time in 10 years . the 1998 champion was one over after the first round but five birdies in his second , including three in four holes on the front nine . the 58-year-old american is the third oldest man in the field in 2015 , behind tom watson -lrb- 65 -rrb- and ben crenshaw -lr
paul sturrock spent four days as an advisor to conference side torquay . the 58-year-old has been promoted five times as a manager . yeovil town manager ricardo moniz 's first match , equalised through garry thompson 's equaliser .
manchester city beat crystal palace 2-0 at selhurst park on saturday . the premier league champions have written to 300 fans who took them up on their offer of free transport for the bank holiday evening clash . palace 's south london home is notoriously difficult to get to and the club acted after the game was scheduled for an 8pm start .
robbie fowler is already among the names of the best premier league strikers of all time . the former liverpool , leeds and manchester city hitman broke on to the scene as a goalscoring sensation at anfield in 1993 . fowler could n't resist naming an ultimate starting xi from players who featured during his era .
perth glory fans set off flares during the round 25 a-league match between the perth glory and sydney fc on friday night . the 16-year-old boy , from bicton , has been charged with grievous bodily harm and use of signals and flares . he will appear in perth children 's court on may 6 .
the five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the pacific ocean . singleton bought 80 beach drive for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007 . the property offers wide open plan living areas leading onto an undercover front balcony . the lower level offers two more king sized bedrooms as well as a teenager 's retreat with four bunk beds .
the shots make up the short-list for the wisden -- mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014 , which was won by getty images photographer matthew lewis . portraits of ordinary players also make the list , from children on a bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in kent .
brian gewirtz told his family he was going for a walk near his brooklyn , new york , home on february 17 , but did n't come back . his family started a frantic search in the local community , warning people of his disability which made it hard for him to understand spoken language .
sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada , switching on an electric organ with her nose and sitting down to play some tunes . instead of classical music , sadie appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature . after a confident start , the pup takes a pause and looks towards the camera .
roberto martinez expects darron gibson to return to pre-season . the republic of ireland international will miss the final seven games of the season with metatarsal damage . cleverley has spent the season on loan at aston villa , and has 12 months remaining on his current deal .
roberto martinez has ruled darron gibson out of the rest of the season . the everton midfielder was hurt in the 2-1 win over queens park rangers . martinez now expects the former manchester united midfielder to return to pre-season in the best possible shape . click here for all the latest everton news .
police have blasted motorists who played an impromptu game of football on the m25 after becoming stuck in a major traffic jam . during the hour-long delay , kent police received reports that people started kicking a ball about in the closed stretch of the road . meanwhile two teenagers found themselves stranded on the wrong side of the motorway when the clockwise carriageway reopened .
bradley neil finished 13 over par after winning the scottish boys championship in 2013 . the 19-year-old is being tipped for huge things when he does turn pro by no less a star than world no 1 rory mcilroy . the american was chewing up golf 's most spectacular course .
bradley neil missed the cut on his masters debut at augusta national . the 19-year-old scot carded rounds of 78 and 79 to finish 13 over par . he did at least sign off in style with a birdie on the 18th . the scot admitted he needed to ` give himself a kick up the arse ' .
englishman danny willett carded a one-under 71 at augusta national . the 27-year-old englishman was in his line-of-sight as he was preparing to play his shot . he was still visibly angry as he left the green after salvaging a bogey .
rory mcilroy will have to remain patient in his bid to complete a career grand slam at augusta . the world no 1 recovered from a shaky start to card a one-under-par 71 but finished seven shots behind first-round leader jordan spieth . phil mickelson and ryan moore at 6.48 pm on friday .
andy murray will face novak djokovic in the final of the miami open . the british no1 beat kim sears in dunblane on saturday . murray has won his past nine finals at these masters-level events . click here for all the latest boxing news .
sebastian vettel saw off the challenge from mercedes drivers lewis hamilton and nico rosberg in malaysia . mercedes boss toto wolff sees no reason to go cap in hand to the powers that be within the german giant . ferrari 's return to winning ways was provided with a much-needed tonic .
ferrari technical director james allison believes mercedes are again likely to lead the way in china this weekend . vettel saw off the challenge from mercedes drivers lewis hamilton and nico rosberg in malaysia . allison is not expecting back-to-back ferrari wins .
tom croft has signed a new deal with leicester which keeps him with the tigers despite his injury troubles . croft suffered a dislocated shoulder in the tigers ' victory over newcastle and was left facing six months of rehabilitation . the 29-year-old missed most of last season with a knee injury .
lawrence dallaglio views poor performance of english clubs . saracens are the nation 's solitary representative in the semi-finals . clermont 's spellbinding 37-5 rout of reigning premiership champions and runaway leaders saints , whose director of rugby jim mallinder admitted the result points to a chasm between the english and french leagues .
glasgow warriors have been placed on high alert after it was revealed richie gray could be sold . the 45-times capped second row was ruled out for the rest of the season in february after suffering an upper-arm injury in the six nations defeat by wales . fellow scotland internationals johnnie beattie and max evans also expected to leave .
tom poynton has been rewarded for his successful return from injury . the derbyshire wicketkeeper will be available for the start of the season . the 25-year-old missed the entire 2014 campaign due to leg injuries . his father keith died last april after suffering leg injuries in a road accident .
rangers have promised to probe claims mike ashley has grabbed control of the club 's badges . reports emerged suggesting the newcastle owner was now the official owner of the light blues trademarks . the sports direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the # 5million loan handed to the previous gers board in january .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2-0 at the estadio de vallecas on wednesday . cristiano ronaldo appeared to be unfairly cautioned after he was chopped down by antonio amaya . the portuguese was set to miss saturday 's game with eibar .
manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league for the first time since november 23 . the last time this had happened united sat sixth on 20 points , one ahead of then ninth-placed city after 11 games during the 2013-14 campaign . this had occurred following city 's 2-1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night .
paris saint-germain star zlatan ibrahimovic scored 109 in 211 games for psg . the 33-year-old added another two to make it a hat-trick on the night . he now trails pedro pauleta in the all-time record books .
sergio aguero has scored six goals in derby meetings with united . the argentine has hailed fellow south american radamel falcao ahead of the derby at old trafford on thursday . he believes united have a number of very talented strikers . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
vazio beat napoli 1-0 in the coppa italia on wednesday . the roman outfit will now face empoli in the serie a final on june 7 . lazio are third in the standings , 15 points behind juve . senad lulic scored the winner for lazio against napoli .
james rodriguez is ` worth his weight in gold ' as focus on cristiano ronaldo 's appeal . the 23-year-old is also described as ` the jewel in real madrid 's crown ' . la gazzetta dello sport have an interview with alvaro morata .
chelsea beat stoke city 2-1 in the premier league on saturday . eden hazard insists his side are close to getting their hands on title . jose mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games . hazard believes chelsea have the title in their grasp .
bayern munich beat bayer leverkusen 5-3 in the german cup semi-final . pep guardiola believes the team is shackled by the absence of franck ribery and arjen robben . munich face eintracht frankfurt in the bundesliga on saturday .
hector bellerin has been linked with a return to barcelona . the 20-year-old right back left the catalan giants four years ago . he has been on a rapid road to success during the 2014/15 campaign for arsenal , filling in for mathieu debuchy as the frenchman struggled with injuries .
david luiz is out for at least four weeks after scans revealed the 27-year-old suffered a torn hamstring in sunday 's 3-2 win at ligue 1 title rivals marseille . the paris saint-germain defender will miss both legs of their quarter-final tie against barcelona in europe .
indian premier league kicks off on may 24 at eden gardens . eight teams will play 60 games over almost seven weeks across 12 venues all round india in a battle to be crowned champions of the tournament 's eighth edition . ms dhoni is looking to guide chennai super kings to a third title .
aston villa beat aston villa 4-4-2 at villa park on tuesday night . leandro bacuna offered an outlet down the right flank . kieran clark imposed himself with early headers but misplaced the odd pass . jack grealish failed to convert an excellent first-half opportunity .
tim sherwood has branded aston villa 's stars ` icing on the cake players ' ahead of their match with qpr on tuesday night . the chilean international was hurt after scoring the opening goal in saturday 's 4-1 win at west bromwich albion . sherwood believes his star names must dig deep to solve their relegation crisis .
jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby have all been handed starts for arsenal 's under 21s game on tuesday night . serge gnabry is also in the starting line-up , alongside a host of promising youngsters including dan crowley . all three featured in last week 's practice match against a brentford development xi .
arsenal under 21s face stoke city at the emirates stadium on tuesday night . jack wilshere , mikel arteta and abou diaby are set to feature for the club . serge gnabry is also set to take part alongside dan crowley .
liam treadwell won the race on venetia williams-trained 100-1 shot mon mome in 2009 . the ride on former welsh national winner monbeg dude was available because his two regular jockeys , tom scudamore and paul carberry have already got rides .
alastair cook insists he is ` refreshed ' by this winter 's enforced sabbatical at home on the farm . england captain has had a taste already of what is to come , first of all in three caribbean tests this month . cook is one match - eight runs in two innings - one problematic radio interview and one departure press conference .
kevin pietersen has lashed out at graham gooch for commenting on his attempted england comeback . gooch appeared on bbc radio five live on sunday morning . the former england captain also worked as the national side 's batting coach until last year . he went as far as saying graham had ` wiped the floor with the ecb ' in the lengthy pr battle since his sacking in 2014 .
kevin pietersen has re-signed for surrey this summer . the 34-year-old has not played in the lv = county championship since 2013 . he is set to start the season with the brown caps in the hope of turning the selectors ' heads and reversing last year 's controversial sacking .
nabil fekir 's father insists arsenal would be the ideal destination for his son . mohamed claims he would progress with arsenal under arsene wenger . the lyon star has been attracting interest from premier league clubs . his father said : ` he loves to play , he does not like to be replaced ' .
barcelona beat celta vigo 1-0 in their la liga clash on sunday . fabian orellana and sergio busquets scored the goals in the first half . the result was one of the most bizarre incidents of the season so far . referee inaki vicandi garrido brandishes a straight red card .
manchester city have been limited to a net spend of # 49million in the last two transfer windows - they spent # 25m bringing wilfried bony in from swansea in january . uefa 's settlement with city published in may stated those penalties would remain in place until the end of the 2015/16 season . the club 's latest financial figures showed drastically-reduced losses of # 23million which they feel proves they are now compliant with fpp regulations .
chelsea beat stoke city 2-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . diego costa was forced off with a hamstring injury . the chelsea striker was 100 per cent with the team . mourinho had placed the barclays premier league 's joint-top goalscorer on standby for this match .
brittany lincicome beat stacy lewis in a play-off at mission hills country club . the 29-year-old beat the par-five 18th to record a closing 69 . the former champion could still have claimed the win herself when playing in the final group .
derby county want burnley manager sean dyche to replace steve mcclaren . the club were beaten 1-0 by qpr in last season 's championship play-off final at wembley . dyche has been linked to jobs with newcastle and sunderland .
jordan henderson urged liverpool not to give up on their hopes of finishing in the top four . the 24-year-old scored a penalty at the emirates on saturday . brendan rodgers ' side have fallen from two points off champions league qualification to eight behind .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey could be shaped by 90 minutes on tuesday . the pair will be 10 metres away from each other on a touchline in birmingham , relishing the pressure . sherwood came close to the qpr job when harry redknapp resigned , but paul lambert was sacked in the same period .
darren bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for derby since going on loan from aston villa in january . the 31-year-old was out of favour with paul lambert and rams boss steve mcclaren took the chance to add the experienced striker to his line-up on loan until the end of the season . tim sherwood now in charge at villa park with the rams .
tim sherwood has urged aston villa to man up as he labelled their clash with relegation rivals qpr the club 's ` biggest game ' for years . villa will return to the bottom three if qpr , three points behind with a better goal difference , win , and sherwood underlined the magnitude of the game ahead of the showdown . sherwood believes he must instil a different mentality into his players as he tries to keep them in the top flight .
burnley manager sean dyche has dismissed speculation linking him with derby . dyche says he remains committed to the task in hand at turf moor . the clarets earned a point in a goalless draw with tottenham but remain fixed in the relegation zone . some arsenal fans called for arsene wenger to be sacked .
gary cahill has backed captain john terry to shrug off a hostile reception when they head to loftus road to face qpr on sunday . terry was caught up in a race controversy with ex-qpr defender anton ferdinand in 2011 . the football association fined terry # 220,000 for ` using abusive language related to colour ' .
clint hill scored his first barclays premier league goal in tuesday 's 3-3 draw at aston villa . the defender believes rangers can survive if they keep their cool . rangers remain two points adrift of safety in the premier league . christian benteke 's hat-trick rescued villa but villa are still in the relegation zone .
chris ramsey believes his friend and neighbour tim sherwood will keep aston villa in the premier league . qpr scored four goals in a premier league away game for the first time since march 1994 v norwich -lrb- 4-3 -rrb- . ramsey will be doing his utmost to extend villa 's top-flight uncertainty on tuesday night .
queens park rangers twice threw away a lead against aston villa . christian benteke 's hat-trick earned a draw for villa just seven minutes before full-time . matt phillips had earlier given qpr the lead in the first half but taking all three points was n't to be for the relegation-threatened visitors .
chelsea face queens park rangers at loftus road on sunday . nemanja matic would miss games against arsenal and manchester united if he is shown a yellow card . jose mourinho is unwilling to look beyond sunday 's london derby . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
wallace has been released without charge after being questioned by police on ` suspicion of a sexual offence ' . the 20-year-old has been loaned out to fluminense and inter milan since he signed for chelsea in january 2013 . wallace is on a season-long loan at vitesse .
bournemouth , norwich , watford , middlesbrough , derby , wolves , brentford and ipswich could well be playing in the top flight next season . troy deeney , matt ritchie and eddie howe all scored for watford . bournemouth beat birmingham on easter monday .
the women 's crews will battle the same thames course as the men . after decades of campaigning and 88 years since the first women to race were jeered by male spectators , they get equal billing . for wilson 's grandfather , 85-year-old richard cowell , from east kilbride , it will be a momentous day .
members from the chiswick rnli station came to the assistance of the oxford crew and their cox , who were training for the boat race which takes place on saturday , april 11 . after the rowers were returned safely to putney , the sunken eight was recovered and returned to oxford 's base .
wasps will appeal the three-week ban issued to nathan hughes . the club have said they will appeal on the grounds the incident that left northampton wing george north unconscious and resulted in a red card for hughes was an accident . hughes ' knee collided with north 's head as he crossed the line to score a try for northampton .
george north has been ordered by a neurologist to take at least one month off after suffering his third concussion in four months against wasps . the wales and lions wing will be reassessed at the end of april and could face an even longer spell on the sidelines . north was knocked out following a collision with the knee of wasps back-row nathan hughes .
northampton have ruled out george north for the game against clermont auvergne on saturday . the 22-year-old was knocked unconscious when struck by wasps no 8 nathan hughes ' knee as he was scoring a try at franklin 's gardens last friday night . northampton have taken an encouraging step in response to fears about north 's long-term health .
tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick . hull fc beat widnes 22-8 to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last june . the 22-year-old winger showed good opportunism and no little speed on two occasions to pluck passes out of the air and race over 90 metres .
leeds claimed a 26-12 derby victory over castleford in front of a sell-out crowd at the mend-a-hose jungle . the rhinos had beaten wigan and catalans dragons in sinfield 's absence and added castleford to that list . ryan hall was sent to the sin-bin for the first time in his career .
jacob fairbank was injured in halifax 's win over hunslet on easter monday . the 25-year-old suffered ligament damage while on loan at halifax . giants managing director richard thewlis told giantsrl.com : ` it 's another bad blow for bobby who remains one of our most popular squad members . ' .
jonathan trott fell for just two , top-edging an attempted pull against a st kitts side bolstered by england bowlers liam plunkett and mark wood . trott 's only rival for the opener slot , yorkshire 's adam lyth , was dropped twice before falling to a poor shot outside off-stump for 23 . england completed four days of low-key , uncompetitive warm-up action in basseterre on thursday .
ben stokes starred with the ball on the first day of england 's warm-up match against a st kitts ' xi . but the quality of the home batsmen made the first innings seem like little more than a glorified net session . stokes still impressed with a lively spell that yielded three wickets for 10 .
the 84-year-old , who died on friday , talked about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour . benaud , who had n't returned to his commentary job for the nine network following a car accident in october 2013 , had looked increasingly frail and had lost weight . but he had been out walking with his beloved wife daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope that he could return to work .
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday . loic remy scored his second consecutive winner in the victory . jose mourinho has praised the professionalism of the striker . the blues boss said remy has already made a crucial contribution to chelsea .
cameron thomas philp was passing a crime scene at highgate hill in brisbane on may 3 , 2013 when he graffitied and spat on the side of the vehicle . when the forensic officer found the van , he swabbed the spit and swiftly located philp from his dna . mr philp claimed he had no recollection of vandalising the car and that it was out of character for him .
louis smith , 25 , shot to fame after winning both a bronze and silver medal at the 2012 london olympic games . the strictly come dancing star is constantly sharing images of his honed torso with an endless stream of topless selfies . the hunk of the gymnastics world said of his snaps in an interview recently .
cressida bonas , 26 , was catapulted into the limelight thanks to her relationship with prince harry . she says she is more than happy being single following her split from prince . the black number is n't available to buy , but if you click right , you can bag the dress in blue or white on mulberry 's website .
will stack , 22 , a u.s. army national guardsman , has released a video disputing claims that all white police officers treat suspects ` on the basis of their color ' . in the footage , he recounts his own experience with a ` caucasian officer ' in the state 's lexington county . he explains how he was pulling out of courthouse on wednesday to make a left turn , when he decided to use the empty median lane to access the left turn lane .
former england batsman kevin pietersen believes michael vaughan is the right man to lead england cricket . the 40-year-old has previously kept his distance from a formal role with the ecb . the controversial batsman has largely kept his counsel on the demise of downton .
kevin pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since june 2013 after agreeing a new deal with surrey . surrey paceman tremlett believes england and wales cricket board managing director downton 's departure opens the door . the 34-year-old is determined to restart his test career after he was sacked in february 2014 .
alec stewart has expressed his interest in becoming the new director of england cricket following the sacking on wednesday . stewart played in a record 133 tests for england and is currently director of cricket at surrey . he has also made clear his desire to help english cricket out of its current state of chaos .
kyle walker has been provided with a protective boot to ensure no further damage is caused . tottenham defender had sustained the injury following a collision with kieran trippier at turf moor . the 24-year-old will continue to be assessed by spurs ' medical team .
arsenal 's arsene wenger is march 's winner of the premier league manager of the month award - his 14th accolade . the frenchman 's reward for their good form was another manager of month accolade to sit on his mantelpiece . wenger 's arsenal team won the league title in april 2002 .
francis coquelin has thrived in arsenal 's midfield since returning from loan . the frenchman claims he wants to follow in the footsteps of patrick vieira . the 23-year-old is determined to prove himself at arsenal and hold down his place in the starting xi .
chris ramsey has lost six games out of seven in charge of london club . queens park rangers manager tim sherwood is keen to rekindle their working relationship at villa park . ramsey took over as qpr manager until end of the season following the departure of harry redknapp in february .
jeanetta riley , 35 , was killed last july after she brandished a knife at two cops outside of a hospital in sandpoint on the evening of july 8 , 2014 . the native american woman , who was addicted to meth and alcohol , had been taken to the hospital by her husband , 44-year-old shane . while parked outside of the emergency room of bonner general hospital , she pulled a knife from under the car seat featuring a three-and-a
dina talaat put on a spectacular show at the opening ceremony of the confederation of african football 's -lrb- caf -rrb- ordinary general assembly in cairo . but delegates from the country including khaled abdel aziz , egyptian minister of youth and sports , stayed in an adjoining hall inside the hotel until the end of the performance .
georgina rojas-medina , 41 , was shot and killed by her common-law husband , gerardo tovar , 44 . neighbors say they were alerted to the bodies by the couple 's 4-year-old daughter just after midnight on saturday night . the couple had been together for 13 years .
todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel . many cars struggled with traction after rain had fallen for hours leading up to the green flag .
the 12-cabin-high structure was once a two-story home , built after a forest fire swept the valley clean of trees . dr seuss fans flock to alaska to visit this structure that looks like one of his illustrations . the owner refused to relinquish his idyllic view of the mountains .
children who share ipads in class do much better in early literacy tests than those who do n't , researchers claim . courtney blackwell , at northwestern university in the us , found that in tests , kindergarten children significantly outscored their peers who were in classes that had no ipads or in which each student had their own device .
john axford was placed on the family medical emergency list before the rockies game on sunday . his son jameson , 2 , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month and requires more treatment . doctors are trying to improve mobility as they combat infection . more surgery will be necessary , and one of the top surgeons is in denver .
the four-seater plane is believed to have come down near hatten , oldenburg , shortly after taking off from a nearby airfield . the male pilot was killed in the crash , and three passengers have been taken to a nearby hospital . the cause of the crash is yet unclear , and police are expected to launch an investigation .
vincent kompany insists uefa 's financial fair play regulations protect elite clubs rather than helping teams avoid going bust . city are debt-free , mainly thanks to sheikh mansour 's heavy personal investment , whereas manchester united were able to splash out # 150m on new talent in the summer .
more than 70 hours of footage from hidden cameras in one london pub . one man in the lord nelson pub was heard telling his friends how he realised he was gay while dating a married woman . three middle-aged men talked openly about erectile dysfunction and another spoke about his fears about having a kidney transplant .
lewis moody , danny grewcock and josh lewsey said they felt nothing more than a jolt . poor visibility at the makeshift 800m strip beside the russian operated camp barneo first caused an aborted landing . the experienced pilots were then forced to break harder than usual when a crack appeared on an ice floe near the runway .
daphne benaud passed away peacefully in his sleep overnight on friday . he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november . his wife daphne has politely declined the offer of a state funeral . the private service will take place this week , news corp reported on sunday .
manchester united beat barcelona 2-0 at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal blamed himself for finishing the game with 10 men . michael carrick came off as a precaution with a tight calf . sergio aguero reached the 100-goal mark faster than any player .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford . sergio aguero , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling all struck . the big win in the manchester derby inspired twitter users to produce a series of viral images which tended to pick fun at city 's expense .
hibs beat hearts 2-0 in the scottish cup semi-final on saturday . alan stubbs saw his team play well but fail to beat hearts in three previous outings this season . stubbs said his players had answered those who asked if they had the bottle to win at the business end of the season .
diane blankenship , 45 , is accused of having sex with a 14-year-old boy in the backseat of her vehicle while her friend drove them about town in december last year . in a later incident , the ` clerical worker ' at dayspring academy allegedly had sex with the student at his house before school . detectives are investigating the possibility of other victims .
two police officers have sustained injuries after attempting to close down an enormous 1000 person rave in sydney 's east . police were forced to use capsicum spray on a number of attendees and one officer had to have a piece of glass removed from his head . a 26-year-old woman was arrested after she allegedly assaulted an officer .
four men have been caught on cctv robbing a service station in tecomba , melbourne 's outer east on april 2 . the group of men , all wearing hooded jumpers , gloves and masking their faces , broke into the service station on burwood highway , tecoma . they filled a doona cover with $ 38,000 worth of cigarettes .
clare verrall , 31 , was out with her french bulldog dutchy on wednesday night near her home in prahran , in melbourne . a man jumped out at her from behind some bins and she was left with a black eye , broken nose and broken toe from the altercation . during the fight she kneed the man in the groin and kicked him before she fled . the attacker then threatened her life , saying ` something along the lines of `` make a noise or scream and
australian artist george gittoes says his 2015 sydney peace prize is welcome recognition that ` creativity is the opposite of war ' . the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world . the artist has chronicled conflicts in africa , asia , europe and the middle east through painting , photography and film .
troy slezak from huntington beach , california , filmed his daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home . footage shows the duo rolling around together and even stopping for nose rubs . but the friendly dog does n't bite and calmly gives the tot a loving lick back .
visitors to a wildlife park in new zealand got to encounter a pride of lions up-close and personal . the video was captured by ekant veer , 35 , an associate professor at the university of canterbury , also shows the lions scaling the cage and eating meat through its bars .
the crash occurred at moorabin airport , near melbourne , shortly before noon on saturday . one of the planes had issued a may-day warning and attempted to make an emergency landing when it smashed into the other plane . the three , including a man and a woman in their twenties , were taken to hospital with minor injuries .
jose mourinho has thickened up his chelsea midfield for sunday 's west london derby at qpr . ramires and nemanja matic in front of the back four as the league leaders head to loftus road . oscar has failed to complete 90 minutes in any of the last 11 games .
sebastian vettel won the malaysian grand prix in malaysia 11 days ago . the four-time world champion returned to a hero 's welcome at the team 's factory at maranello last week . the win allowed ferrari to revive a tradition not seen at their base for almost two years since their previous triumph in may 2013 .
police arrested david powell after the pensioner 's body was discovered . the body has not yet been formally identified , she is understood to be his mother celilia powell . mr powell , of longton road , barlaston , staffordshire , is due to appear today .
cambridge united chairman dave doggett believes groups of up to 10 men are trying to relive the 1980s by arranging fights with rivals . he believes there is a danger that they will try to encourage younger fans to join their ` gangs ' writing in his club 's latest programme . he said violence at matches has increased as older men return to watching their team play in their retirement .
thousands of female race-goers displayed their indomitable spirit for the occasion . clearly taking the ` chanel-inspired ' style guide to heart , many opted for outfits that would n't have been out of place at a wedding . the occasion may have commenced with glamorous group photos and sunny selfies .
alassan gobitaca , known as al the jumper , is a swedish guinness world record holder . his stunt driver , hassan , explains his thought process when approaching the stunt and states that he considers both the speed and position of his car . he then lines up before the daredevil and accelerates hard in the opel speedster so as to get to the desired speed .
u.s. rc-135u reconnaissance aircraft was flying near the baltic sea in international airspace when a russian su-27 flanker cut into its path . pentagon officials have slammed the move as ` unprofessional ' and ` unsafe ' . russia has rubbished claims it was a deliberate and aggressive interception .
la galaxy beat seattle sounders 2-0 at the stubhub centre in major league soccer . robbie keane and clint dempsey were both left out of their sides through injury but despite the absence of their irish designated player . chad marshall opened the scoring with just his second goal of the season .
eden hazard has 35 goals and 25 assists in his century of premier league games . the chelsea star has been lauded for his fine performances for jose mourinho 's side this season . sky sports pundit graeme souness believes hazard will be named the pfa player of the year .
jordan spieth will continue his quest for masters glory when he tees off his third round at augusta . the american holds a five-shot lead at the half-way stage after a record 14 under par opening two rounds . charley hoffman , who is on nine under par , will tee off at 2:45 pm local time .
aljaz bedene has won his first match since becoming a british citizen . the 25-year-old claimed a 6-3 6-2 victory over maxime chazal of france . bedene will now face michael linzer of austria or france 's maxime texeira in the next round .
lewis hamilton was fastest in first practice for this weekend 's chinese grand prix . ferrari and sebastian vettel conjured one of the biggest surprises for many a formula one season . the mercedes driver set the pace as he bids to win his fourth race in china .
keanu reeves has been pictured at grand prix in the past and is a self-confessed petrolhead . the 50-year-old grilled red bull 's chief technical officer adrian newey . he also checked out pitstops and more at the red bull factory with sky sports f1 .
fernando alonso says he will retire from formula one once his deal with mclaren-honda comes to an end . alonso may finish his career with two titles , a noble haul but fewer than anyone could have imagined when the spaniard denied schumacher a record eighth crown in 2006 .
sergio perez fears ' a very painful year ' lies ahead if force india 's roll out of their upgraded car this season proves a dud . build-time pressure over the winter resulted in the silverstone-based marque starting the campaign with a car that is considerably off the pace . the additional knock-on effect means a delay in the introduction of the team 's b-spec model , which is now not due to be unveiled until the austrian grand prix in
red bull were well off the pace of mercedes last season , but could at least count on daniel ricciardo to pick up a win or three when the silver arrows ran into trouble . red bull seem to have fallen even further back this season with rivals , along with former driver sebastian vettel , taking the fight to lewis hamilton and nico rosberg .
tony mccoy claimed victory in the aintree hurdles at the grand national festival on thursday afternoon . jezki was third place in the betfred bowl on holywell . the retiring champion feels the gelding deserved this moment in the sun , as he beat rock on ruby by 13 lengths .
saracens flanker jacques burger has been cited for alleged foul play . european professional club rugby said that burger is alleged to have struck racing scrum-half maxime machenaud midway through the match at stade yves-du-manoir . saracens return to aviva premiership action against play-off rivals leicester on saturday .
tim swiel will return to the club next season on a full-time contract . swiel spent four months on loan with quins earlier this term . somerset-born swiel made 10 appearances during his loan spell , featuring in the european champions cup , aviva premiership and lv = cup .
charlie hemphrey has finally secured the professional cricket contract he has been striving for over the past decade . the 25-year-old former folkestone grammar school pupil suffered habitual rejection in his attempts to breakthrough into the english system . he admits his desire for a shot at the top level had regressed into an ` unrealistic dream ' .
uncapped duo shai hope and carlos brathwaite have been included in a 14-man west indies squad for the first test against england . sheldon cottrell , miguel cummins , shannon gabriel , leon johnson and veerasammy permaul have all been stood down for the opening game of the three-match series .
steven finn has vowed to regain his england place . the middlesex seamer admitted he finds it ` baffling ' he faces criticism for not hitting the highly-prized 90mph mark with his bowling . the 26-year-old was one of the few pluses of a dismal world cup run .
dzhokhar tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the boston marathon . he kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table as the guilty verdicts were read . the jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison .
sir bradley wiggins and geraint thomas avoided being caught up in a major crash in the final kilometre of scheldeprijs on wednesday . the italian , who was vying for position ahead of the expected sprint finish , hit the barriers in a crash which sent around 50 riders to the ground .
tim sherwood believes tottenham need to keep pace with harry kane . kane was handed his first premier league start for spurs 12 months ago . sherwood said he would be the first to try to tempt kane away from spurs . click here for all the latest aston villa news .
sunderland host crystal palace at the stadium of light on saturday . sebastian larsson will sit out the next two games after reaching 10 bookings for the campaign . wes brown and emanuele giaccherini are still missing for crystal palace . joe ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness .
jonas gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at newcastle . the 31-year-old was the only united player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend 's 1-0 defeat at sunderland . the argentine has said he will never forgive newcastle for their handling of his illness .
sam allardyce has outlined his ambitions to qualify for the europa league next season . the hammers sit first in the premier league rankings with 999 points - eight ahead of second-placed burnley . the 60-year-old wants his side to do so via fair play - with the club currently first in premier league .
rangers crashed to a second championship defeat of the season at palmerston . derek lyle , gavin reilly and a lee wallace own goal gave queen of the south 's play-off hopes a massive boost . stuart mccall urged rangers to show an immediate response to the first defeat of his tenure .
barcelona face sevilla at the ramon sanchez pizjuan stadium on saturday . neymar has the skills to pay the bills and his latest instagram offering proves that his footballing brain never stops as he practiced his skills with a friend . barcelona are currently four points clear at the top of the la liga .
wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester city beat aston villa 3-1 on easter monday night . united have forced their way above city in the premier league for the first time since november 2013 . manuel pellegrini is no longer trying to hide the collapse of his side 's season .
manchester city host manchester united at old trafford on sunday . manuel pellegrini is relishing the prospect of taking on man city . the barclays premier league champions have unexpectedly fallen behind their arch-rivals in the table . city have held the edge over united in recent contests .
frederic thiriez has been asked to resign by bastia president pierre-marie geronimi . bastia lost 4-0 to paris st germain , who claimed their fifth league cup trophy with doubles by zlatan ibrahimovic and edinson cavani . in 2012 , thiago silva scored twice and opened the scoring from the spot .
vincent nogueira scored in stoppage time and philadelphia beat new york city fc 2-1 for the union 's first major league soccer victory of the season . nyc goalkeeper josh saunders collided with conor casey inside the 6-yard box defending a cross . zach pfeffer started the scoring in the 27th minute for philadelphia .
lazio face empoli in the coppa italia final on sunday . the biancoceleste won 3-1 at cagliari last weekend to remain third in the standings . stefano pioli has told his players to keep their feet on the ground .
roberto vitiello feels his side need to start winning away from home . udinese have not won in their last four games and coach andrea stramaccioni is desperate for a positive reaction from his players . palermo have picked up just two points in the last six league games .
glenn murray scored a hat-trick against vincent kompany at selhurst park . the crystal palace striker now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in europe 's top five leagues . murray now gets a little taste of the limelight that pique has basked in at barcelona for years .
manchester city beat manchester city 2-1 at the etihad on monday night . glenn murray opened the scoring for the hosts in the first half . jason puncheon equalised for the visitors in the second half . joel ward 6 has not been out of team all season and is reliable .
real madrid host rayo vallecano in the la liga on wednesday . cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 rout of granada . carlo ancelotti faces a selection dilemma ahead of wednesday 's match with rayo .
fernando hierro believes real madrid are capable of winning a second consecutive champions league . hierro won the champions league three times as captain during his playing career at the bernabeu . he believes the players in the current squad will be able to emulate the successes of previous real sides .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in one game for the first time in his career . real madrid beat granada 9-1 on sunday to keep title hopes alive . barcelona defeated celta vigo 1-0 courtesy of jeremy mathieu 's diving header .
real madrid beat granada 9-1 in their la liga clash at the bernabeu . gareth bale tweeted : ` unbelievable result this afternoon great team performance now for a bbq ' . the welsh winger was in fine form for his country during the international break .
west ham have picked up just 11 points in the premier league since the turn of the year . sam allardyce has told the co-owner not to judge his team on their form in 2015 alone . the hammers have already beaten last year 's total by two points with seven games to spare .
manchester united host manchester city at old trafford -lrb- sunday 3pm -rrb- . robin van persie will not be risked after a hamstring injury . andreas pereira is on brazil under 20 duty but jonny evans is banned . vincent kompany doubtful for sunday 's derby against manchester united .
chris smalling took a trip down memory lane as the 25-year-old went back to his old judo club . photos of the visit were posted on the international judo federation 's official twitter account alongside a flashback picture . smalling was a gifted martial artist and was at one stage named national judo champion for his age group .
marouane fellaini was jeered by both city and united fans as he was substituted in a 3-0 united defeat that proved the deathknell to the manager who signed him , david moyes . louis van gaal has praised the rebirth of resurrection of the big belgian . the belgian is expected to start against manchester city on sunday .
wayne rooney has listed his five most memorable moments of the manchester derby . the two sides are locked in a battle with arsenal for the second automatic champions league qualification place . sir alex ferguson 's side recorded a crucial win over their city rivals in the race for the premier league back in 2011 .
qpr will not welcome back any of their injured players in time to face chelsea on sunday . richard dunne is close to a return but will not be considered with fellow centre-back rio ferdinand also absent for the barclays premier league match with an unspecified knock . cesc fabregas will play with a mask to protect his broken nose and will start alongside nemanja matic in midfield .
chelsea beat burnley 3-1 in their premier league clash on monday . blues boss john terry has been a pivotal figure in keeping the west londoners in consistent form . mourinho knows the premier league - a championship more competitive than italy 's serie a or spain 's primera division .
chris ramsey believes sunday 's west london derby is more crucial to qpr than it is to title-chasing chelsea . qpr need the points in their own battle to avoid dropping out of the division all together . the rs could start just one point off the foot of the table despite taking four points from their previous two fixtures .
orlando city beat orlando city 1-0 at the orlando citrus bowl last friday . orlando are sixth in the table after five games in all competitions . kaka has not found the back of the net since scoring in the first game of the season against new york city fc .
steve cotterill was happy to avoid defeat against preston on saturday . the league one leaders managed to come away from second-placed preston north end unscathed , drawing 1-1 thanks to aaron wilbraham 's equaliser . preston would 've gone to 83 points today and then have gillingham at home .
steve cotterill needs just two more wins to achieve the fourth promotion of a career . bristol city took revenge for a bitterly fought 1-0 defeat back in november which ended their unbeaten start to the season . kieran agard , joe bryan and aaron wilbraham clinched a local derby victory .
wigan chairman david sharpe is confident he has made the right appointment in caldwell . malky mackay left the club languishing in the sky bet championship relegation zone after taking just 19 points from a possible 72 . cackay is the football league 's youngest manager , inherits a team eight points adrift of safety with just five games to go .
hibernian beat hearts 2-0 in the edinburgh derby on sunday . jason cummings and farid el alagui scored for the hosts . the leith outfit were rewarded for a dominant first-half performance . hibs sealed the win in the first minute of injury time with a cool finish .
dani alves has been unable to agree a new deal with the catalan club . the brazilian right-back has been linked with manchester united and manchester city , as well as paris st germain . the 31-year-old will leave the nou camp this summer .
dani alves ' contract expires in the summer with manchester united and liverpool among a number of europe 's top clubs keeping tabs on the brazil international 's availability . santana has revealed there is a deal on the table from the spanish giants offering to extend the 31-year-old 's contract at the nou camp .
norwegian alexander kristoff took victory in a sprint finish with holland 's niki terpstra . thomas was one of the favourites to claim the title following his recent victory in e3 harelbeke and third-place finish at the gent-wevelgem sprint classic .
glenn murray has scored five goals in five games since returning from knee injury . toon boss alan pardew believes murray is reaping rewards from a loan spell with reading . murray scored eight goals in 18 games for the royals , before committing to palace on monday night .
dashem tesfamichael , 30 , is seen in the 50-second clip captured on a banned mobile phone as he dances outside his cell with other inmates at coldingley prison in surrey . he clutches a glass of the homemade illegal brew in the clip , which also shows a stash of drink bottles , biscuits and crisps on a window ledge . prison officers reportedly turned a blind eye to the partying , which happened in the run-up to christmas in december 2006 .
pensioners are seven times more likely to be diagnosed with malignant melanoma than those of their parents ' generation . around 5,700 pensioners are now diagnosed with melanoma each year in the uk compared with just 600 a year four decades ago . many of the patients being diagnosed today suffered cancer-causing sunburn when they were young .
british photographer dave tyler captured the stunning images on the sun 's surface during its 11 year cycle . the 72-year-old designed and built his own observatory in 1977 and now uses powerful telescopes to observe and photograph the solar system . tyler first became interested in astronomy after seeing the first episode of the bbc 's sky at night in 1957 .
video taken from the point of view of a train driver captures a ride on the highest railway in europe . the time lapse footage speeds along the 9km long electrified track , which leads from kleine scheidegg to jungraujoch . opening in a tunnel built into a swiss mountain , the train careers towards the light and out onto the snowy slopes to race alongside the many skiers .
the monkey was filmed in the thai town of kanchanaburi . the monkey takes a small bite before pulling it from its skin . the woman leans forward and the monkey copies her by lunging forward itself . the cheeky money snatches the banana from the woman 's hand and begins scoffing it down .
former england bowler steve harmison has led them to seven wins on the spin . the 36-year-old is a boyhood newcastle fan and is doing well with the non-league side . john carver says he has invited harmison to training to catch a glimpse of his favourite team .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . louis van gaal is close to delivering his first-season aim of returning . the red devils are currently third in the premier league . click here for all the latest manchester united news with our live updates .
paul casey is the 99th qualifier in the field of 99 due to contest the masters next week . the englishman got in due to staying in the world 's top 50 but at one point , as events unfolded in morocco and at the texas open . casey finished sixth on his masters debut in 2004 and actually led in 2007 after five holes of the final round .
three-time major winner padraig harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the masters . the irishman ended up winning his first tournament in america since the 2008 uspga championship . it was the first major championship this century for which he 'd failed to qualify and he ended up watching it sulking on the sofa at home .
chris martin 's goal gave derby the lead in the second half . eric steele lapped up the adulation , entertaining 4,000 behind one goal . steve mcclaren was all smiles as he took his place in the stands . the rams wrapped up three crucial points .
rotherham beat brighton 2-0 at the aes seal new york stadium . matt derbyshire opened the scoring for rotherham in the second half . matt de gea was sent off for the hosts in the first half . david stockdale is unable to stop the near post effort after a good cross .
qpr have confirmed eduardo vargas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury . the 25-year-old picked up the injury to his left knee after falling awkwardly in the win against west brom . the injury is expected to keep him out for between 10-12 weeks .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday . ander herrera scored the first goal for the red devils . the 25-year-old has started the last eight matches and scored twice . louis van gaal did not rate the # 29million signing from athletic bilbao .
kenny jackett 's team moved into sixth place in the championship with a fourth successive victory . david edwards headed home two minutes from the end of an unpredictable and thrilling game . wolves striker benik afobe scored his side 's third goal of the afternoon against leeds . the result leaves wolves sixth in the play-off zone , with brentford and ipswich town dropping points unexpectedly .
liverpool host blackburn in the fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday . brendan rodgers has denied suggestions that a training-ground meeting on sunday was designed to quell dissent among his players . italian striker mario balotelli has insisted his side are not in crisis .
chelsea and tottenham hotspur missed out on the opportunity to narrow the gap to under 21 league leaders manchester united . spurs went into the game at staines town sitting sixth in the league but victory would have taken them joint top with the red devils . ruben loftus-cheek played for chelsea under 21s having already starred in the champions league this term .
javier hernandez is linked with a move to orlando city . the mexico international would be a huge commercial draw for the florida-based franchise who are coached by former everton and manchester city striker adrian heath . orlando have a huge latin-american fanbase and kaka is the captain of the mls side .
one of argentina 's top referees faces a possible ban after overturning a red card and penalty decision based on a television replay . daniel valencia was adjudged to have handled the ball in the area . linesman ivan nunez caught a replay of the incident on a nearby cameraman 's monitor and informed delfino via his earpiece .
charlie daniels opened the scoring for bournemouth in the 74th minute . yann kermorgant doubled the lead with a header from a corner . eddie howe completed the scoreline for the hosts in the second half . birmingham had not conceded the first goal at dean court this campaign .
norwich city beat sheffield wednesday 2-0 at carrow road . bradley johnson scored his 12th and 13th goals of the season . the canaries will now face either sheffield united or chelsea in the last 16 . click here for norwich city transfer news .
real madrid beat granada 9-1 at the santiago bernabeu on saturday . iker casillas showed his softer side by comforting a young fan . the veteran custodian alerted the attention of stewards and medical staff shortly after the incident before going over to see the spectator at the break .
ben cousins was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park . the 2005 brownlow medallist was supposed to appear in court to face reckless driving charges on wednesday morning . his lawyer adain craus represented him during the session and claimed the former west coast eagles captain had conflicting medical appointments .
manchester city have shelled out for six coaches to transport around 3,000 people to selhurst park . the move was made after tv scheduling for the 8pm kick-off made it virtually impossible for supporters to return home by either train or plane . hundreds of thousands of football fans are facing a travel nightmare this weekend because of the easter rail shut down .
ashley young went to watch his younger brother lewis in action for crawley . young played 70 minutes in united 's 3-1 victory over his former club aston villa in the premier league on sunday . crawley are scrambling to avoid relegation from league one but young was a good omen for the club .
jordan henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth # 80,000-per-week . the liverpool vice-captain scored from the penalty spot during the 4-1 defeat by arsenal on saturday . sportsmail understands an improved offer worth # 5.2 million per year .
malky mackay was sacked by wigan athletic in november . the 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with new chairman david sharpe after the latics lost 2-0 at home against derby county . mackoay is accused of sending racist , sexist and homophobic messages in an exchange with former head of recruitment iain moody .
huddersfield strike pair nahki wells and james vaughan were caught cold by goals in the opening 30 minutes . nakhi wells doubled the lead for the home side and dent ipswich 's play-off hopes . the tractor boys have now lost four of their last five away games .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 in their premier league clash on saturday . francis coquelin was sent on loan to charlton before christmas . hector bellerin scored his second arsenal goal against liverpool . click here for all the latest from the premier league .
akion ighalo 's shot flies into the top corner of dimi konstantopoulos ' net on 65 minutes . middlesbrough 's defeat for the championship 's best defence to explode at the seams . aitor karanka would surely have made his defenders walk home from watford .
real madrid beat sorry granada 9-1 at the bernabeu on sunday . gareth bale broke the deadlock and carlo ancelotti 's team were 4-0 up . cristiano ronaldo 's five goals included an eight-minute hat-trick .
manuel pellegrini has said manchester city must sign a ` crack ' player . man city have slipped to fourth place ahead of monday 's trip to crystal palace . the chilean has now suggested this summer is the time to do it . city are currently fourth in the premier league table .
turkish aviation officials in the country 's civilian aviation directorate -lrb- shgm -rrb- said it was a serious breach of the safety rules of the flight back from the capital luxembourg city . they said that nobody other than the crew should be allowed in the cockpit during the flight .
lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez is a star-studded strike force that almost every team in the world would dearly love to have , but when the going gets tough , barcelona turn to jeremy mathieu and gerard pique . mathieu had opened the scoring in the el clasico , in similar fashion , just a minute before mathieu scored . celta vigo goalkeeper alvarez conde is unable to stop the powerful
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in real madrid 's 9-1 rout of granada . the portuguese superstar has now scored 11 times in just eight matches . he scored twice in real 's 2-0 uefa super cup win over sevilla in 2011 .
liverpool lost 4-1 to arsenal in the champions league on saturday . brendan rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four . the liverpool boss said he must work harder to sell anfield . the reds have won 17 of their 20 games since christmas in all competitions .
kevin pietersen returned to nets on monday for the first time since resigning for surrey last month . the 34-year-old managed a wry smile as he drove away from the oval in his expensive telsa sports car . england left for the west indies for their upcoming test series on thursday .
juan arango sank his teeth into the shoulder of jesus zavela . the venezuelan icon was not booked by the referee but could face a heavy retrospective ban . arango earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring tijuana team level against monterrey in mexico .
neymar , dani alves , adriano and neymar were delighted with their hard-fought victory over celta vigo . the flamboyant brazilians all played their part in helping the catalonian side return home with all three points . mathieu admits his side were poor and puts it down to the international break .
mamadou sakho is known for his charity work away from the football field . the liverpool defender tweeted a picture of him alongside club captain steven gerrard . liverpool face blackburn in the champions league on wednesday . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
ander herrera scored a brace against aston villa on saturday . the spaniard appears to have his eyes closed as he strikes at brad guzan 's goal . six of herrera 's seven goals have been scored without him even having to glimpse at either the ball or the opposition 's net .
borussia dortmund are not consistently good enough to make der klassiker a regular spectacle . english football 's closest equivalent , liverpool taking on manchester united , is now merely a battle for the top four . marseille and paris st germain played out a game that not only had a huge bearing on the ligue 1 title race .
isis fighters can be seen hammering and drilling away at sculptures and stone slabs believed to be some 3,000 years old in the ruins of the ancient assyrian city of nimrud . the seven-minute expertly edited video , purportedly shows islamic state destroying the relics before bulldozing and blowing up the ruins . the attack on the ancient site horrified archaeologists when it was first reported last month , and has been declared a ` war crime ' by u.n. secretary
the orlando eye will offer views of central florida from inside 30 enclosed , air-conditioned glass capsules when it opens to the public on may 4 . the 36-year-old daredevil previously walked atop a ferris wheel in santa cruz , california , but he said the size of the much larger orlando wheel .
the man threw a cup of gasoline on neely 's grog house in port st lucie , miami , on sunday night . he had been paying with bounced checks and was told he would have to pay with cash or a debit card . the bouncer and his friend chased the man , and fled in a truck .
the unnamed child from medina , ohio , gave out $ 100 notes in the classroom before going to a friend 's house after school , where he also showered adults with cash . the group of friends then reportedly went on a shopping spree after the mass giveaway , which began last wednesday at the town 's claggett middle school .
the newborn cubs were discovered by a woman passing the car park . when she peeped inside she saw seven baby foxes -- thought to be only 10 days old -- sitting together . the cubs weighed around six ounces each when they were taken in by the pocono wildlife rehabilitation and educational center .
the club 's stadium redevelopment is now well under way . pictures from monday 's game showed the steel foundations for the new main stand now taller than the existing structure . work on the main stand will be completed by the start of the 2016-17 season with 9,000 seats to be added .
camilla kerslake was centre of attention at sunday 's olivier awards . she wore a daring , backless black dress , camilla showed off more than she bargained for in her revealing floor-length gown . despite being accompanied by robshaw , the cameras were firmly trained on the singer .
nigel de jong 's overhead kick levelled for ac milan against sampdoria on sunday night . former samuel eto'o provided the deft pass to nutmeg philippe mexes and find roberto soriano to open the scoring just before the hour mark . milan were back level on 74 minutes when emiliano viviano but found the back of the net off alfred duncan 's leg .
chris lane , 22 , was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun . authorities allege luna , who was in a ford focus with two teenage friends , randomly selected lane and pulled the trigger as the car drove past . the trial is expected to last between seven and 10 days .
celebrity chef matt kemp labelled his pregnant wife a ` c *** ' . during an episode of sbs 's heat in the kitchen , kemp was so enraged he unleashed an expletive-ridden tirade on his then-wife lela radojkovic . kemp says he regrets treating his ex-wife that way .
the 75-year-old man was playing golf on monday at the palmer sea reef golf course at port douglas in far north queensland . the elderly man drove himself back to the clubhouse in a buggy after the 1.2 metre reptile ` nipped ' him . the victim received a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf .
gonzalo castro scored one of the goals of the season but it was n't enough . david moyes ' side had to settle for a share of the spoils in san sebastian . deportivo la coruna midfielder jose rodríguez appeared to handle the ball in the box .
the clip was created by hln 's the daily share . it illustrates the prevalence of this ` women 's tax ' to shocking affect by directly comparinga variety of different products and services aimed at men and women . the facts prove than gender bias is more than just offensive , it 's also very expensive .
josi harrison , laura lefebvre and hailey walden were all in eighth grade . they claim their high school-age boyfriends lured them into sending nude pictures to their phones . when they sought help , they were told they would be charged with creating and distributing child pornography . on thursday , a judge ordered that each girl receive $ 75,000 in damages .
jordan spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round . spieth carded a double bogey on the 17th but still set a new 54-hole scoring record at the masters . rory mcilroy collapsed under the pressure over the final nine holes .
eric harris , 44 , was shot dead in tulsa , oklahoma , on april 2 . he fled during a sting operation in a nearby parking lot . once they catch up to him , they tackle him to the ground and order him to lie on his stomach . after firing one round into him , the former full-time officer drops his gun from the recoil and says in shock : ` oh , i shot him ! i 'm sorry ' .
didier drogba is yet to be offered an extension on his current 12-month deal . the ivorian made a shock return to chelsea last summer . the 37-year-old has been forced to settle for a bit-part role at stamford bridge this season after the summer arrivals of diego costa and loic remy .
stan collymore smashes home liverpool 's fourth past newcastle goalkeeper pavel srnicek . he is of course referring to the seven goal thriller at anfield on april , 1996 , which saw the two premier league hopefuls slug it out in order to close the gap between themselves and leaders manchester united . the game still holds a place in tyler 's personal archive .
inter milan have opened discussions with manchester city about stevan jovetic . the serie a club have proposed an initial loan deal for the forward . inter are unlikely to turn lukas podolski 's loan move from arsenal into a permanent one , leaving roberto mancini in the market for a wide forward .
wolfsburg are showing an interest in manchester united misfit javier hernandez . the mexico international has endured a frustrating season on loan at real madrid . southampton , lazio , stoke city and west ham are also interested . wolfsburg are looking to bring in another striker with nicklas bendtner .
arsenal midfielder santi cazorla has said he is happy to stay at arsenal . the 30-year-old has scored seven goals and provided eight assists in 29 premier league appearances this season . the spaniard 's impressive displays have seen him linked to a return to his homeland with atletico madrid .
mario gomez has poured cold water over suggestions he could join barcelona in the summer . the german ace has been linked with a move to the nou camp . gomez joined fiorentina in july 2013 for a fee believed to be in the region of # 17.2 million .
pedro has started only 12 league games for barcelona under luis enrique . the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from barcelona . the spaniard admits he is finding his bit-part role at the nou camp . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
celtic manager ronny deila will try to persuade jason denayer and manchester city to extend the centre-back 's loan deal next season . denayer made his full international debut in belgium 's 1-0 european championship qualifying victory in israel on tuesday night . the 19-year-old also faces competition from kompany at city .
raymond billam , 40 , claimed he was unable to walk more than a few metres . but fraud investigators secretly filmed the midfielder taking to the pitch for a sunday league team . shaven headed billam played over 87 games while dishonestly claiming incapacity benefit . he was sentenced to 26-weeks in prison suspended for two years .
the new chief executive of rotherham council could be paid up to # 40,000 more than the outgoing boss . he left in december after a council report said 1,400 children had suffered horrific sexual abuse over a 16-year period . the rest of the cabinet resigned in february , after a government report said the council was ` not fit for purpose ' .
brett anthony o'connor has been free on bail since march . he was charged with sexually and indecently assaulting two 12-year-old boys at schools in sydney more than 25 years ago . his lawyer , phillip mulherin , applied for a suppression order in the tweed heads local court on monday .
liz the bearded dragon is the star of a recent video taken at mealtime . shannen hussein , 21 , asks liz : ` are you hungry ? ' to which the reptile responds with a definite nod of her scaly head . liz is then rewarded for her conversational skills with a superworm treat .
arsenal won their eighth premier league game in a row on saturday . aaron ramsey smashes the ball home in the win over burnley . ivan gazidis says the club will ` keep pushing ' chelsea . the gunners have n't won the league since 2004 .
atletico madrid 's technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain on saturday to watch the defender during atletico 's 2-2 draw with malaga . the 31-year-old has one year left on his contract and atletico are reportedly keen to cash in this summer . miranda has yet to agree a new deal with the spanish side .
manchester city fans were ejected from old trafford for allegedly mocking the munich air disaster . a total of 23 people perished after a plane carrying matt busby 's talented young side crashed during a take-off attempt from munich . police praised the ` overwhelming majority ' of supporters at the clash .
chelsea beat queens park rangers 3-2 on sunday afternoon . thibaut courtois was exceptional for the blues in their win over qpr . the belgian was in phenomenal form as chelsea beat qpr on sundat . he says his confidence levels have not waned as a result .
zarina diyas and heather watson were seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the family circle cup in charleston . british number one watson gave up 14 break points and lost her serve seven times en route to a 6-3 4-6 7-5 defeat to croatian teen donna vekic .
novak djokovic beat andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the miami open final . the scot has lost his last seven matches to the serb . the serbian world no 1 will face either no 1 seed ory roddick in the final .
lewis hamilton led the way in both practice sessions for sunday 's chinese grand prix . hamilton suggested mercedes will be back in control for this race . ferrari and sebastian vettel conjured one of the surprises for many a season with the team 's first victory for almost two years at the last race in malaysia .
al kellock and dougie hall will start at lock against cardiff blues . the pair have played nearly 300 matches between them for the club . gregor townsend was naming his full squad for the match on thursday . the encounter is being billed as a tribute to them both and hall 's mum .
stephen curry broke his own nba record for most 3-pointers in a season . golden state warriors beat portland trail blazers 116-105 . klay thompson scored 26 to help golden state avoid first three-game losing streak this season . pau gasol had 16 points and 15 rebounds for the bulls .
san antonio stretched its streak of double-digit victories to nine with a 110-98 win against houston on wednesday . the defending champion spurs moved onto the tail of houston and also memphis , which drew level with the rockets atop the division . cleveland secured both the central division title and no. 2 seed in the conference by defeating milwaukee .
reanne evans faces ken doherty in her first qualifier for the world championship . the 29-year-old from dudley would be the first woman ever to reach the crucible should she win three qualifiers . evans is the 10-time ladies ' snooker world champion .
lebron james seems to have decided who deserves the nba mvp award at the end of the season . the cavs won 19 , 21 , 24 and 33 games ; they have already won 51 games this season . cleveland cavaliers have secured the central division title and will be no 2 seed in the eastern conference .
liam stewart had been included in new head coach pete russell 's 23-man party for the world championship in holland next week . but stewart sustained a shoulder injury during spokane chiefs ' western hockey league play-off series against everett . stewart 's mother and former model rachel hunter watches from the stands .
kyle naughton has been ruled out for the rest of the season . the hull midfielder was sent off the poor challenge on saturday . neither garry monk nor steve bruce condemned meyler at the time . angel rangel will return to the side to face everton in the premier league .
stuart armstrong admits taking receipt of his first scottish premiership winners ' medal would help finalise the process of feeling like a celtic player . for the young midfielder , a parkhead title party next month would also help make up for the hurt he suffered at the same venue 12 months previously . the 23-year-old was left crestfallen as he watched the perth side celebrate their own slice of history on the parkhead turf .
billy mcneill was the first british team captain to lift the european cup in 1967 . he won nine consecutive league championship titles , seven scottish cups , six league cups and of course . the statue will be carried out by john mckenna , the sculptor who recently completed the statue of jock stein .
newcastle host liverpool at anfield in the premier league on monday . john carver says his players have a point to prove when they face liverpool . the trip to anfield is newcastle 's first outing since losing a fifth straight tyne-wear derby and they have now won just twice in 2015 .
john carver says his newcastle players have a point to prove to themselves at liverpool on monday night . the magpies are in danger of being sucked into what had previously seemed an unlikely relegation battle given their alarming run of form . carver is hoping that personal pride will kick in when they travel to merseyside .
liverpool are watching monaco midfielder geoffrey kondogbia . the france international was one of the most coveted players in europe . real madrid , manchester united , juventus and paris st germain were all keen . liverpool remain keen on bringing danny ings to anfield .
liverpool , manchester city and manchester united have all shown interest in the england under 21 international but have yet to sign him up . ings has interest from borussia monchengladbach among others but sociedad have remained constant from the start . the 23-year-old knows he can play regularly there , will be watched with interest by england coach roy hodgson and will get the money he wants .
real madrid beat barcelona 1-0 at the nou camp on wednesday night . gareth bale scored his 15th and 16th goals for his country . cristiano ronaldo and co took part in a routine training drill at valdebebas training ground as they prepared for their first match back .
atletico madrid host real madrid in the champions league on tuesday . fernando torres believes coach diego simeone 's clear understanding of the team 's weaknesses has been the key to their success . atletico have belied their economic inferiority to become one of the most dangerous sides in europe .
sergio aguero scored his 100th goal for manchester city against qpr . the argentine 's tremendous feat of scoring 100 goals in just 158 appearances should be cause for celebration . manuel pellegrini 's side are currently fifth in the premier league table . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
lazio replaced roma as the leading challengers in the battle to chase down serie a leaders juventus by hammering empoli 4-0 . the biancocelesti took a fourth-minute lead through captain stefano mauri with miroslav klose adding a second just after the half-hour mark . the giallorossi are now 13 points behind juve after struggling to draw 1-1 at torino on sunday .
conor o'shea has revealed his concern at the increasing force of rugby 's collisions after harlequins and england full back mike brown was consigned to even more time on the sidelines . brown has not played since the final round of the rbs 6 nations on march 21 .
jamie peacock broke his try drought with a double for leeds . the 37-year-old rhinos prop had not scored a try for almost 12 months . salford 's last home win against the rhinos was a 21-12 regal trophy victory at the willows in november 1993 .
wakefield lost 80-0 to warrington wolves in the first utility super league . the wildcats are rooted to the foot of the table after eight consecutive defeats . gene ormsby claimed two tries along with toby king and ben currie . the wakefield wildcats face halifax on friday night .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 in the manchester derby . sergio aguero , marouane fellaini , mata and chris smalling gave the red devils their biggest derby win for six years . mata described the victory as a ` massive win for us , it 's a great result ' .
rory mcilroy is looking to complete a career grand slam this week . the northern irishman heads to the augusta national heavily favoured to win the coveted green jacket for the first time in his career . only five men have won all four of golf 's majors in the masters era .
chelsea beat stoke city 2-1 at the emirates stadium on saturday . diego costa is unlikely to miss the entirety of chelsea 's title run-in . the striker will not do any ball work at the club 's cobham hq this week .
jack nicklaus recorded his first ever hole-in-one at the masters . villegas holed out on the fourth and eighth as he finished alongside kevin streelman on five under par . streelman therefore became the latest player to be saddled with the ` curse ' of the par-three champion .
tiger woods was spotted dancing while practising at augusta national . the former world no 1 had headphones in both ears as he listened to music while honing his game . woods may be a four-time masters champion but he has not played competitively since the first week in february .
masters wednesday began on a sombre note when marc leishman , who got so close to victory in 2013 , had to withdraw . his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection . billy payne has ruled out starting a women 's masters despite talking about growing the game .
manchester city captain vincent kompany has fallen well short of the standards he set in recent seasons . pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer , and if he is , he will have left little behind . the chilean has always provided a welcome contrast to the emotional stresses of life epitomised by his predecessor roberto mancini .
manchester city beat manchester city 2-1 at the etihad on monday night . eliaquim mangala joined from porto in august last year and is contracted to city until june 2019 . glenn murray succeeded in putting another dent in city 's chances of redeeming themselves after a run of four losses away .
everton defender john stones was the shock name on barcelona 's shopping list of central defenders last summer . barcelona ended up signing 31-year-old jeremy mathieu from valencia for # 14.5 m and thomas vermaelen from arsenal for # 15m . the former barnsley defender moved himself up the list of possible targets with performances for everton .
everton beat southampton 1-0 at goodison park on saturday . james mccarthy believes ross barkley is more than capable of handling the highs and lows which accompany the tremendous expectation which rests on his shoulders . the everton midfielder said he thought barkley was ` different class ' despite a mistake with an ambitious pass .
everton beat southampton 4-1 at goodison park on saturday . roberto martinez has rejected accusations stubbornness prevents him from adapting his tactical approach . the spaniard has come in for criticism for persisting with trying to get his side to play out from the back despite results suffering recently .
romelu lukaku was absent injured as phil jagielka 's goal settled this match to give everton a third straight victory . roberto martinez has dismissed claims suggesting his star striker could leave goodison park . southampton have scored just five goals in nine games since start of february -lrb- 0.55 per game -rrb- .
harry kane has hit 29 goals in 44 games for tottenham so far this season . kane broke into the england squad and scored 79 seconds into his debut against lithuania . the striker has been the name on everyone 's lips since the turn of the year . sportsmail runs you through the six leading contenders ... name : harry kane .
tottenham will visit kuala lumpur next month to take on a malaysia xi . the match will take place at the shah alam stadium on may 27 - before tottenham take on sydney fc the following saturday . kane has been told he will be part of the travelling party for the two exhibition games .
willian weaves his way past ryan shawcross during chelsea 's 2-1 win on saturday . brazilian wants his team-mates to remain focused in their final eight games of the season . jose mourinho has given his squad the confidence to perform .
cesc fabregas showed off the result of a nasty-looking clash with charlie adam 's arm during chelsea 's 2-1 win against stoke . the former barcelona midfielder was left bloodied after being caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with adam , the scorer of a 66-yard wonder goal .
bafetimbi gomis scored twice in swansea 's 3-1 win over hull on saturday . the frenchman made a slow start to his career in south wales . he has scored four goals in his last six premier league games . charlie austin is this week 's runner up with a game index score of 52.2 .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on january 10 . louis van gaal has piled pressure on manchester city ahead of their games against crystal palace and united . the dutchman believes city 's players may struggle to get to grips with being in fourth spot .
marcos rojo and angel di maria appeared in manchester united 's 3-1 win over aston villa on saturday . the united defender played the full 90 minutes against villa . rojo sat next to his wife and daughter on a private plane . the pair sealed moves to old trafford during the summer transfer window .
wayne rooney scored a stunning half-volley as manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on saturday . rooney put united ahead on 79 minutes as he crashed home the red devils ' second with his right-footed strike . the result means united have accumulated more points on their own territory , 40 than anyone else .
philippe coutinho started liverpool 's 4-1 thumping at top four rivals arsenal on saturday afternoon . the reds go into their fa cup quarter-final replay at blackburn on wednesday night off the back of damaging league losses at home to manchester united . brendan rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four .
alan pardew could be a candidate for newcastle and crystal palace . the eagles were in the relegation zone along with burnley and leicester . john carver has picked up just nine points in his 12 games in charge . toon supporters still fear relegation after a 1-0 derby defeat to sunderland .
dejan lovren has been out of the liverpool team recently . brendan rodgers is ready to recall his out-of-favour defender . the trip to ewood park for a quarter-final replay has even more significance . liverpool were thrashed 4-1 by arsenal at the emirates on saturday .
arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates on saturday . raheem sterling is a better player than mesut ozil , according to michael owen . owen believes there should not be a debate about whether sterling is more talented than danny welbeck .
bastian schweinsteiger suffered an ankle injury during bayern munich 's 1-0 win over borussia dortmund in the bundesliga on saturday . the germany captain missed the opening four months of the season with a knee ligament tear in training . bayern said it was not too serious after early concerns for a player ravaged by injuries .
bayern munich travel to in-form bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-final . the bavarians are runaway leaders in the bundesliga and through to the champions league last eight . manuel neuer made a spectacular in injury time from a marco reus free kick to ensure the three points .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 at the signal iduna park on saturday . robert lewandowski scored the winner on his first visit back to the club he left on a free transfer last summer . pep guardiola 's side restored their 10-point lead at the top of the bundesliga .
gary hooper came off the bench to snatch a dramatic stoppage-time winner against bolton . former celtic star hooper 's goal sparked jubilant scenes on the canaries bench in contrast to his one-time parkhead boss neil lennon . hooper had been a transfer target earlier in the season so his winning goal was a double blow for the ulsterman .
alex pritchard opened the scoring for brentford in the fifth minute . the bees controlled the game for long periods after going ahead . tom ince equalised for the rams with a header in the second half . alex bent scored his 10th goal for the bees in the first half .
wigan drew 2-2 with fulham at craven cottage on friday . gary caldwell admitted his first taste of management was ` crazy ' . the 32-year-old only replaced the axed malky mackay on wednesday . jason pearce scored the second equaliser for his side .
deeney won the championship 's player of the month award for march . the birmingham striker has scored 64 goals in 123 league games . watford are currently just one point behind championship leaders bournemouth with five games left to play . deeney believes he can follow in the path of charlie austin and danny ings .
saido berahino is likely to be away with gareth southgate 's england under 21 side in the czech republic until late june . the 21-year-old has been linked with a move away from west brom . pulis said he would leave to fulfil his desire to play in champions league .
jeremy peace is open to selling west brom to a buyer who will invest money on and off the pitch . peace has fielded enquiries from consortia in america , china and australia with some parties already having a tour of the club 's training ground facilities . tony pulis is adamant the chairman wants to ensure his legacy is maintained .
nigel pearson says leicester have no margin for error in their relegation fight . the foxes go to west brom on saturday bottom of the premier league . pearson 's side still have to play relegation rivals burnley and sunderland and host qpr on the final day .
neymar was substituted by luis enrique during the 2-2 draw at sevilla . the brazilian scored his side 's second goal with a curling free kick . neymar has been replaced in 15 of his 34 matches this season . click here for all the latest spanish news .
arsenal midfielder santi cazorla fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side 's 1-1 draw at getafe on sunday . the 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in madrid . musacchio is expected to be sidelined for at least six months .
manuel pellegrini has confessed his academy players are not ready to step into his first-team squad . liverpool 's raheem sterling spoke about his unwillingness to agree a new contract at anfield . premier league regulations require clubs to carry at least eight homegrown players , which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an english club .
tracey neville is phil neville 's twin and sister to gary neville . neville has spent the past three years as assistant to england manager roy hodgson . tracey was parachuted into the top job on an interim basis last month and will select a squad of 12 for the tournament .
manchester united beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling scored the goals . louis van gaal 's side skipped four points clear of their arch rivals in fourth . neville said coming into games against spurs , liverpool , city and chelsea could have considered seven points a good result .
kenny miller fears rangers ' promotion bid could be derailed by ibrox side 's rollercoaster run of form . gers suffered the first defeat of new boss stuart mccall 's six-game reign on thursday night as they slumped 3-0 at queen of the south . the light blues remain behind the easter road side in third place on goal difference .
england beat south africa 21-14 in the final of the tokyo tournament . phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored the tries . the england victory is their first since february 2013 and puts them fourth . further spots are available for next year 's rio de janeiro games .
jake drage sang a children 's song for reporters as he left a west java jail nine months after he was put behind bars . the 23-year-old surfer , who was taken into custody in june last year , said he can not wait to get back in the water . he said his time in prison was ` like a yo yo , all up and downs ' , and that his release had not sunk in yet .
wing 's chinese restaurant is in manchester city centre . wing 's has been ` recommended in the mitchelin guide for the past eight years ' . the class of '92 -- gary and phil neville , ryan giggs , paul scholes and nicky butt previously dined there .
mikel gonzalez diverts a corner past his own goalkeeper geronimo rulli who fails to punch it away . atletico madrid celebrate after going two goals ahead after just 10 minutes . antoine griezmann is congratulated by fernando torres , but did n't celebrate .
cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid in the 2-0 la liga victory at rayo vallecano on wednesday . the 30-year-old becomes only the third player in madrid 's history to achieve the feat and a breakdown of the statistics demonstrate just how relentless a goalscorer he is . the pair are second on the portugal international 's madrid hit-list .
novak djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the miami open to murray . umpire damien dumusois issued an apology to the ball boy . he said there was no reprimand for the manner in which he treated the boy .
arsenal beat liverpool 3-0 in their premier league clash on saturday . the gunners have won seven on the spin in the premier league . this term they are simply the best of the ragged rest , each with their flaws which have made the title tussle something of a ` no contest ' . this year they have hit upon an understanding which has seen them not concede more than once in the league since new year 's day .
jennifer aniston works out three times a week with her long-term trainer , mandy ingber . sessions include 20-25 minutes of spinning , followed by 45 minutes of yoga . she says exercise , plus meditation , is her ` ultimate stress reliever ' . the 46-year-old says exercise is her stress reliever .
the incident was caught on cctv and shows a man trying to lift the exit barrier at nottingham train station 's multi-storey car park . in the image the man appears to grimace as he lifts the metal barrier on his shoulders . it is not clear if the wanted man was attempting to avoid a parking payment or merely indulging in an unusual form of vandalism .
every one of africa 's 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in next month 's fifa presidential election , the continent 's soccer boss said on tuesday . issa hayatou , president of the confederation of african football , promised unanimous support in his speech to open caf 's annual congress in cairo . the praise blatter received in egypt contrasted to his uncomfortable reception at the uefa congress last month .
gary mabbutt was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find leg had gone cold back in 2013 . doctors warned him it was ` touch and go ' on whether leg would have to be amputated . ex-tottenham and england star will not be able to play football again .
danielle jones , 33 , agreed to marry her boyfriend darrel on good friday . the take that star stopped by the couple 's wedding reception in berkshire . the singer had promised to go along to the reception at the beaumont estate in old windsor after orchestrating the surprise over twitter .
murray , 27 , says ' i do ' with his long-term girlfriend , also 27 , on april 11 . she is renowned for championing british designers and has the ability to sell out items immediately after she 's worn them . kim 's often seen sporting chic outfits from the likes of whistles and hobbs .
deanna robinson , of quinlan , texas , was 38 weeks pregnant when she says she was struck at least three times at her parents ' home . deputies and state workers were present to remove her 18-month-old son because of allegations of abuse or neglect . robinson says her stomach hit the kitchen counter repeatedly during the incident , causing heavy bruising .
tiger woods was pictured hugging sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , during the second day of practice at the augusta national golf club , georgia . the 14-time major winner certainly needs all the support he can get . he recently dropped out of the world 's top 100 rankings for the first time since september 1996 .
amanda peake glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who 'd only one month before her death had run a full marathon . her husband , benji , is , no doubt , the most shocked of all . blocker met glover at fitness 535 in columbia , which glover co-owned .
cara lee-fanus was rushed to st peter 's hospital in chertsey , surrey , but died the next day despite the best effort of medical teams . her mother , kirsty lee , 25 , appeared at guildford magistrates ' court today alongside her then boyfriend alistair wayne bowen , 35 . both looked on as details of the case against them were read out to the court .
former test captain richie benaud was farewelled at a quiet family funeral in sydney 's eastern suburbs on wednesday . the 84-year-old former test captain and internationally renowned cricket commentator was to be farewelled by a group of just twelve people . daphne benaud had kept the details of where and when his funeral service would be held so under wraps that even immediate family members said they did n't know the location .
hillary clinton 's ` everyday americans ' video has been given an 18 rating . dozhd tv , an independent network , fears the video may fall foul of putin 's gay propaganda laws . the video features democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , holding hands .
atletico madrid and real madrid played out a goalless draw . jan oblak blocked everything in the first half as a wind-assisted real looked like putting the tie beyond doubt in the second half . miranda 7 will not have put any watching suitors off with another solid display alongside godin .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 0-0 at the vicente calderon on tuesday . jan oblak denies gareth bale an early goal in the first half . carlo ancelotti wants his side to repeat their performance at the bernabeu next week .
huddersfield ensured their status in the sky bet championship with three games remaining . albion are still not out of danger towards the bottom of the table and are seven points above the drop zone . demarai gray was on target for the second successive game as his strike rescued a point .
sheffield wednesday beat brentford 1-0 in the championship play-off . kieran lee scored the only goal of the game for the home side . it took until the 35th minute for a decent chance to present itself . the second half started in a livelier fashion to the first .
towie star jake hall scored a vital goal for non-league side boston united . hall scored with his first touch just moments after coming off the bench to keep the pilgrims on course for a place in the conference north play-offs . both parties denied any relationship , saying they were just friends .
barcelona beat sevilla 2-2 at the parc des princes on saturday . luis enrique has sought to play down neymar 's petulant reaction . spanish media speculated he might be dropped for wednesday 's champions league quarter-final , first leg at paris st germain .
rolando aarons may have played his last game this season after suffering another injury setback . the 19-year-old was in contention to play for newcastle 's under 21s against derby on wednesday evening . it is understood he has succumbed to injury once again and it is feared his campaign could be over .
the 44-year-old , named by locals as donna christie , slipped and fell from hassans fall lookout at lithgow on tuesday afternoon . she is believed to have suffered serious head , spinal and chest injuries when she plunged 30 metres . her friend raised the alarm and it took two hours for police , paramedics and the lithgow volunteer rescue squad to rescue the woman .
the 38-year-old starred in the bbc comedy limmy 's show . during the clip , limmy keeps a manic grin on his face as the spider walks out of his mouth and along his cheek . in what has been described as a self-imposed ` bushtucker trial ' .
dane bouris appeared at waverley court on tuesday charged with the alleged assault of his girlfriend , alexandra dankwa . bouris , 33 , is best known as the son of wizard home loans founder mark bouris . he is the hotelier of morgans boutique hotel in sydney 's inner-city .
survey conducted by direct line , adults in the uk cited not being able to sleep as the thing that stressed them out the most . in fact , sleepless night were the top occurrence , with almost half -lrb- 46 % -rrb- of brits citing that this causes anxiety .
rose devereux , 49 , was left in agony and disfigured after years of alleged incompetent treatment . the general dental council has investigated the work of janakan siva at the menlove dental practice in allerton , liverpool . mr siva worked studied the mess , even he admitted : ` i 've got 22 years experience of dentistry , but i would n't know where to start with this ' .
sally and stephen morley are one of 1,500 couples in britain who have had babies using embryoscope technology . the grainy grey and white picture shows the first cell division in the creation of their ivf baby , pixie . a tiny camera , placed inside an incubator , films the reproduction process . this narrows a mother 's chance of miscarrying .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 in the uefa youth league final . izzy brown opened the scoring for chelsea in the first half . dominic solanke doubled the lead with a header . ola aina joins fans for a selfie after the final whistle .
clarence habersham , 37 , was the second policeman to arrive at the dead man 's body after michael slager , 33 , shot him five times in the back . scott , 50 , a coast guard veteran , was pulled over for a broken tail light last saturday as he ran away from the traffic stop . the father of four 's death sparked nationwide debate about police brutality and bias against black people after a witness published video contradicting the police account of the event .
jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , claimed they were surprised to find out that their same-sex wedding plans were featured on sunday 's video . the pair were seen walking hand in what quickly became one of the most widely viewed political clips of the year . milrad 's voice is heard in a voiceover saying : ` i 'm getting married this summer to someone i really care about ' .
lebron james , 30 , posted an emotional farewell letter to lauren hill on twitter just hours after she passed away from terminal brain cancer . the basketball star praised the 19-year-old for the ` leadership ' , ` courage ' and ` strength ' she had shown while suffering from diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma -lrb- dipg -rrb- . in the letter , james wrote : ` your time spent on earth will never be forgotten ' .
cleveland fire officials say bricks along the top of the former national city bank building collapsed and showered down onto the street and sidewalk just after 4 p.m. monday but no one was injured . the building and minivan were unoccupied at the time of the collapse , and no injuries were reported .
raheem sterling has rejected a contract worth # 100,000-a-week . the gunners have a genuine interest in the liverpool wonderkid . sterling will be the best available british player in the market this summer . brendan rodgers has insisted that the club will not sell sterling .
wimmer is wanted by spurs in a # 4.4 million deal for the cologne defender . the 22-year-old has impressed the boss of his national team as well as scouts at white hart lane . wimmer has admitted it would be a ` dream ' to join mauricio pochettino 's side .
yaya toure is a dream target for inter milan , according to general director marco fassone . the italian giants are keen to sign the 31-year-old this summer . inter are also working on new deals for their argentina forward mauro icardi and mateo kovacic .
n'golo kante is a defensive minded player who has impressed for caen this season . paris-born kante has similarities with lassana diarra and claude makelelele in terms of stature and style . caen would be willing to sell kante for around # 5million .
paul scholes says he is not ready to sign a new # 100,000-a-week deal at liverpool . former manchester united midfielder scholes hailed sterling as a good player but says he does not score enough goals . liverpool are infuriated by sterling 's decision to give an interview .
jose luis gaya is real madrid 's first choice to fill the left side of their defence . both chelsea and city are keen to snap gaya up . the 19-year-old is a key player for valencia , having played 27 league matches this season .
the 41-year-old star has ditched the proposal for a two-storey basement extension under the garden and glass studio at the top of his house . the take that singer angered the veteran led zeppelin rocker with ambitious proposals for the 46-room mansion . williams wants to lower some of the floors and knock down a number of the walls to create bigger rooms and doorways .
erica leeder , 26 , was charged after she squirted breast milk at a female police officer during an altercation at rockingham police station . the mother of three was arrested on march 25 when she was taken to the station on an outstanding warrant . she has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence .
the child was outside shops with her older sister in brighton , east sussex , when the dog attacked her . police say the girl suffered a single puncture wound to her upper lip following the incident in findon road , whitehawk . they were with a man described as being in his 50s , with purple hair and a brown moustache .
miracle godson was reported missing on friday afternoon . he jumped into deep waters at east quarry in appley bridge . friends tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by divers . the teenager 's team paid their respects on facebook after rugby league clubs marked his death with a minute 's silence .
edson cholbi nascimento will be the team 's coach in the second division of the brazilian league this year . edinho recently made headlines after being convicted in a money laundering case that involved a drug gang . the 44-year-old former goalkeeper was one of the assistant coaches for santos .
struggling hamburg have appointed bruno labbadia as their new coach . the former european champions anchored in last place with six matches left . hamburg are the only club with a perfect bundesliga record , having played every season in the top division since the league 's creation in 1963 .
the easter road club stand to make # 1million from anticipated sell-out home gates against rangers and the 11th place club in the premiership . the issue will go to the vote at the spfl agm next thursday . hibernian face a battle over potentially lucrative gate revenues with lower league clubs .
newcastle slipped to a fifth successive premier league defeat at liverpool on monday . the magpies remain in the relative safety of 13th place with 35 points . john carver insists his side have ` got six cup finals ' left to play . newcastle are just nine points above the relegation zone .
john carver will turn to siem de jong in a bid to save newcastle 's sorry season . newcastle have lost five on the spin and their head coach has admitted he does not know where the next point is coming from . the 26-year-old suffered a collapsed lung in february .
england 's justin rose will be in the final pair with masters leader jordan spieth as he looks to chase down the young american on sunday . phil mickelson and charley hoffman will tee off ten minutes earlier at 19.40 -lrb- bst -rrb- . adam scott is paired with englishman lee westwood and will go out at 17.20 .
greg rusedski has supported aljaz bedene 's bid to overturn the itf 's ruling that he ca n't play for great britain . slovenia-born bedene secured a british passport last month but can not currently represent his new nation in the davis cup . bedene is currently ranked 99 in the world .
novak djokovic lost his cool at the end of the second set as murray came back to take the match to a decider . umpire damien dumusois gave him a code violation for the outburst . he said it ` did n't look good ' as he sat down between the change of ends .
lewis hamilton sauntered to pole position for the malaysian grand prix . ferrari are stronger over a long run and may yet provide a threat to hamilton 's supremacy . hamilton will start ahead of nico rosberg and sebastian vettel .
lewis hamilton now has a record five poles to his name at the track . the briton finished just 0.042 secs ahead of his mercedes team-mate nico rosberg to give the team another front-row lock out . raikkonen is the first of the ferrari drivers to post a time and he is the best part of two seconds slower than hamilton on a pole .
daniel ricciardo has called for a back-to-basics approach for red bull to forge a return to the front of the grid . red bull have struggled at the start of this year after a run of four successive championship triumphs . the australian driver has urged his team to go back to basics after a troubled start to 2015 .
ap mccoy rode don cossack to victory as he prepares for his final grand national on saturday . the omens are looking good after taking the big race on the opening day of the grand national festival . if the trend continues , jezki will be celebrating another victory in the biggest race of all .
ian bell scored 143 on the first day of the first test against west indies . the 33-year-old was dropped from the side on his last visit to the caribbean in 2009 . bell shared century partnerships of 177 with joe root , who made 83 and another one of 130 with ben stokes who is 71 not out .
jimmy anderson was given a silver cap by mike atherton to mark his 100th test . the west indies cricket board president said he needed to convince his team of the worth of playing for their country rather than playing for themselves . richie benaud passed away last week .
jonathan trott last played a test for his country in november 2013 . he withdrew from england 's disastrous ashes tour with a stress-related illness . this time as captain alastair cook 's opening partner , was over almost before it had begun when he nicked jerome taylor to darren bravo .
manchester united stars gary neville , phil neville and paul scholes showed off their netball skills when they joined manchester thunder netball team to promote the superleague semi-finals . the thunder are coached by gary and phil 's sister tracey neville who will take over as england coach at the end of the season .
jonathan brownlee won the gold coast triathlon in auckland a fortnight ago . the yorkshireman beat mario mola by 19 seconds with a winning time of 1:46:53 . brownlee leads the rankings with 2,186 points from gomez , who is 219 points behind .
roberto martinez will hold talks with kevin mirallas over his future . mirallas was one of everton 's top performers in the first half of the campaign but his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries . lennon arrived at goodison park on loan and has made a big impression on his manager ; it would cost # 6million to make his signing permanent .
gus poyet was sacked and dick advocaat was being installed . the dutch boss celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over newcastle united last weekend . the 28-year-old was a premier league winner with manchester city in 2012 and again last season .
celtic beat aberdeen 8-2 on aggregate in the premier league on saturday . leigh griffiths fired celtic into an early lead in the first half . the parkhead side are most likely to represent a potential stumbling block on ronny deila 's march towards history .
celtic beat inverness caledonian thistle 1-0 in the scottish cup semi-final . nigerian edward ofere has been recruited as a replacement . celtic manager john hughes struggling to find a solution to the problem posed by the sale of top scorer billy mckay to wigan in january .
stuart armstrong has backed under-fire dundee united boss jackie mcnamara to turn around his troubled season at tannadice . the celtic midfielder has faced a furious fan backlash in the past week amid a woeful run of results allied . united have won just once , in a scottish cup tie at stranraer .
rangers beat raith rovers 4-0 in the premier league on saturday . nicky clark and haris vuckic scored for the ibrox side . stuart mccall has warned rangers to be on their guard against livingston in mid-table safety on wednesday .
rangers beat raith rovers 4-0 in the edinburgh derby on sunday . stuart mccall had suffered his first defeat as rangers manager against queens last week . the light blues enjoyed the best possible start to the game when they surged into the lead after just six minutes .
newcastle lost 2-0 to liverpool in the premier league on sunday . moussa sissoko lunges was sent off for a second bookable offence . newcastle boss john carver has labelled the 25-year-old 's tackle as ` indefensible ' . carver said the sending off could have been a straight red .
liverpool beat newcastle united 2-0 at anfield on monday night . liverpool vice-captain jordan henderson thinks his side could catch manchester city in the premier league . the england midfielder believes liverpool can pile the pressure on to city who sit four points above them in the race for the champions league .
arsenal goalkeeper david ospina has a premier league win ratio of 91.7 per cent - the highest of any player to have made at least 10 appearances . the colombia international took his tally to 11 wins from 12 games since he displaced wojciech szczesny as no 1 in january . former manchester city defender stefan savic won 10 of his 11 games in the league before being sold to fiorentina .
harry redknapp branded qpr a ` soap opera ' and accused people of working against him before he left the club in february citing knee problems . brazilian midfielder sandro said he is not at fault for qpr 's predicament near the foot of the premier league . he said he has never going to put everything on the coach or the players .
chelsea beat shakhtar donetsk 3-2 to win the uefa youth league . the blues are the defending under 21 premier league champions . they will put on the line against manchester city in their fifth final . at under 19 standard , they are officially the best team in europe .
chelsea take on shakhtar donetsk in the final of the uefa youth league . adi viveash 's team will start as favourites in nyon , switzerland . ahead of the final , we bring you everything you need to know . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
paul downton paid the price for their woeful world cup by being sacked as managing director . the move came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting that was meant to discuss the future of a figure who has endured a traumatic time since replacing hugh morris . pietersen has rejoined surrey in the hope of earning a place in the ashes squad for england this summer .
michael vaughan has re-affirmed his interest in taking on the newly created role of director of england cricket . paul downton lost his job as the england and wales cricket board 's managing director of cricket on wednesday . ecb chief executive tom harrison is keen to have downton 's replacement focus solely on performances , rather than administration duties .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board . the jury is still out on all of them at a time as the clamour for change has grown louder . downton made the big call to sack kevin pietersen and reappoint peter moores as england coach .
team sky 's focus on the grand tours up to now has left them short of riders equipped to win classics . king sean kelly believes the time has come for team sky to break their duck in one of cycling 's monuments . sir dave brailsford 's move to put more emphasis on the spring classics in his second five-year plan .
jordan spieth held a two-shot lead after seven holes of the final round . the 21-year-old skims a ball across a lake at augusta during a relaxed practice round . spieth finished joint second with sweden 's jonas blixt and comes into this year 's event having won his second pga tour title in the valspar championship .
rory mcilroy , ian poulter , graeme mcdowell and justin rose give the lowdown on every hole at the world-famous augusta national golf club . nick faldo and charl schwartzel also feature in the first major of the year .
rory mcilroy will tee off his bid to become just the sixth man to win golf 's grand slam alongside phil mickelson and ryan moore at augusta national . the northern irishman will be joined over the first two rounds by three-time masters champion . but all eyes will be trained on tiger woods among the later starters .
rory mcilroy 's grand slam bid or tiger woods ' latest comeback could come from mother nature . players endured rainy spells during their practice on tuesday with forecasts that the wet weather is set continue once the tournament gets underway . the typically warm and humid georgia weather is expected to be unsettled by a cold front heading into augusta for the weekend .
brook lopez dominated twin brother robin with 32 points and nine rebounds as the brooklyn nets beat a weakened portland trail blazers . the nets closed in on a play-off spot in the eastern conference by winning for the ninth time in 11 games . they are in seventh place in the standings , one game ahead of boston and two games up on miami and indiana .
dikembe mutombo was an eight-times nba all-star who was famous for swatting away opponents ' shots and wagging his finger at them . mutombo played in the nba from 1991 until 2009 , recording 11,729 points , 12,359 rebounds , and 3,289 blocks . the class of 2015 will be enshrined at the hall of fame in springfield , massachusetts on september 11 .
kawhi leonard matched his career best with 26 points . the san antonio spurs defeated golden state warriors 107-92 . tim duncan had 19 points and danny green added 18 points . stephen curry had 24 points , but was harassed into 9-for-17 shooting .
al horford and demarre carroll scored 20 points each to help the atlanta hawks match a franchise record with their 57th win of the season . the hawks lost forward paul millsap to a right shoulder injury in a collision with brooklyn 's earl clark with 1:52 left in the first half . millsap did not return and finished with eight points and five assists .
manchester city lost 2-1 to crystal palace at the etihad on monday . manuel pellegirni is under pressure as city fell nine points short of chelsea at the top of the premier league . gary neville tore into city following their defeat by insisting the champions have a ` mentality problem ' .
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 at loftus road in the premier league on sunday . cesc fabregas wore a protective mask during chelsea 's clash with qpr . the win moved jose mourinho 's men seven points clear at the top of the table .
jolyon palmer will drive in every friday practice session for lotus . the enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings in friday 's first practice session . palmer was only 0.6 secs behind pastor maldonado at the end of fp1 .
atletico madrid host real madrid in the champions league quarter-final . diego simeone 's side have not lost to atletico in six meetings since the 2014 champions league final . atletico have not been beaten by cristiano ronaldo and co in six matches with victories in this season 's super cup , king 's cup and both league clashes .
real madrid face diego simeone 's side at vicente calderon on tuesday night . the reigning champions lost both la liga matches against atletico this season - 2-1 at the bernabeu . marcelo says he and his team-mates are not thinking about their recent form against them .
roberto carlos claims to find coaching ` very easy ' . the 42-year-old has already worked on the sidelines in turkey with sivasspor and akhisar belediyespor . carlos won the champions league in 2000 by beating valencia 3-0 in the final .
the south have the edge over the north for footballing talent . alexis sanchez and harry kane were the heroes as the southern all-stars came out on top in our simulated clash between the premier league 's best players from the north and south . manchester city hotshot sergio aguero gave the northern combined xi the lead after less than a minute .
barcelona face psg in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday . xavi hernandez is challenged by rafael and javier mascherano . barcelona have already encountered psg twice during this year 's champions league campaign . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
barcelona face psg in the champions league quarter-final on saturday . thiago silva says luis suarez , neymar and suarez are the best players in the world . the paris saint-germain defender says the home leg will be pivotal for his side .
real madrid host real madrid in the champions league on tuesday . carlo ancelotti says he is not obsessed with atletico madrid ahead of tuesday 's clash with sevilla . sergio ramos scored an injury-time equaliser for real as they beat atletico 4-1 aet last season .
chelsea are continuing talks with belgian side royal mouscron-peruwelz over a possible partnership . talks have been ongoing for over a month after french side lille cut their ties with vitesse arnhem . chelsea 's next crop of youngsters could be blooded in belgium .
paris saint-germain playmaker lucas moura has lauded lionel messi ahead of his side 's champions league encounter against barcelona . psg host barcelona on wednesday night before facing the la liga giants at the nou camp on april 21 . click here for all the latest psg news .
psg beat bastia 4-0 in the stade de france on saturday . thiago silva opened the scoring from the penalty spot . sebastien squillaci was sent off and doubled the lead just before halftime . edinson cavani added more luster to the win in the closing stages of the match with a fine header .
bayern munich defender medhi benatia suffered a muscle injury against bayer leverkusen in the german cup last eight on wednesday . the 27-year-old could miss both legs of their champions league quarter-final against porto . pep guardiola has a long injury list to contend with as he aims for domestic and european glory .
south africa 's sports minister says he has received assurances from fifa 's ethics committee that it will complete and present a report in june . fikile mbalula said he met with the chairman of the ethics committee 's investigatory chamber , cornel borbely , in zurich this week to seek clarity on the status of the long-awaited report .
the player , who was not named , was offered money by a state team mate if he followed a ` pre-decided pattern of play ' . action from the 2012 indian premier league between kolkata knight riders and delhi daredevils . rajasthan are all too aware about the threat of match-fixing after former india paceman shanthakumaran sreesanth and two other cricketers from the team were arrested in 2013 on suspicion of taking money to
france 's biggest handball star nikola karabatic will stand trial for fraud over his suspected involvement in an illegal betting case . former montpellier ace competes for france in handball world cup match against iceland in january . his younger brother luka were among a group of players banned by the french league two years ago for betting on the result of a match in which their club lost to a struggling team .
rangers lost 3-0 to queen of the south at dalziel park on thursday . stuart mccall admitted being wowed by murray park in the days after he replaced kenny mcdowall . the former celtic youth coach found himself in charge just as the battle for power at ibrox reached its bitterest point .
stuart mccall has sent a warning to bilel mohsni about his discipline . the tunisian centre-back extended his disciplinary record by picking up a booking for reacting to opposition fans during thursday 's 3-0 defeat from queen of the south . rangers boss believes the ibrox side can not risk unnecessary suspensions as they attempt to land a premiership place via the play-offs .
rangers were second-best all over the plastic pitch in dumfries . derek lyle points to the skies after putting queen of the south in the lead at palmerston park . gavin reilly scored an own goal for rangers at the start of the second half . lewis kidd gave rangers the lead before half-time .
tim visser was a key player in edinburgh 's dramatic win over london irish at the madejski stadium . the scots will head for twickenham stoop - home of harlequins - for whom winger vissop signed a two-year deal this month . edinburgh will face murrayfield in the european challenge cup semi-final .
al kellock will retire at the end of the season and take up a new role with the sru . the 33-year-old has amassed 56 international caps and made over 200 appearances for glasgow and edinburgh . he has decided that his body and mind have been put through enough .
kerry hamilton was diagnosed with leiomyosarcoma , a rare cancer of the soft tissue normally found in women over 50 . at just 34 , she was forced to undergo a hysterectomy and was devastated at the thought of not being able to have children . she now wants to raise awareness about rare cancers like cramps .
riff lets you film videos and uploaded them to th e app . friends and strangers can then film relevant clips and attach them to the end of your video to create a collaborative project . the app was created by london-based developers through facebook 's creative labs . it is available for free on ios and android .
steve cotterill will have to wait until tuesday to finish the job of returning to the championship . bristol city striker aaron wilbraham scored his 63rd minute goal against preston at deepdale . the robins did their job well enough to prevent any late scares in the north west .
american airlines is targeting a younger demographic with the introduction of their new ` indie ' cabin playlists . tracks from hozier and lykke li were also hand selected to be played on board the flights . the change comes on the heels of unfavourable customer feedback about the airline 's previous cabin music .
edinson cavani is a target for manchester united this summer . united are monitoring the uruguayan striker 's situation at paris saint-germain . the 28-year-old 's agent claudio anelucci says a stint in the premier league is most likely in the current climate .
gregory van der wiel has denied claims he is set to leave paris saint-germain . the dutchman recently had a falling out with his boss laurent blanc . van derba insists he 's happy in paris and is making no plans to leave the ligue 1 side .
nasr bitar spotted the car on the streets of mississauga , canada . he parked his car , jumped out and got in position to take the snap . but then came the wait to see if he would make it onto the site . he then uploaded the picture to his instagram account .
jordon ibe posted the video on instagram of him performing the moonwalk . the 19-year-old has broken into the first team set-up this season . ibe is currently out with a knee injury but is expected to return in the next few weeks and boost brendan rodgers ' side .
brendan rodgers says recent defeats are down to his players ' own failings . the reds ' 3-4-2-1 formation helped produce a 13-match unbeaten barclays premier league run . but despite receiving plaudits for the quality of their football , which at times appeared to be unplayable , flaws started to appear a month ago .
england dominated the second day of a farcical match in st kitts . mark wood looked lively in his early spell after he was brought in for his first bowl for england . england rattled up 379 for six declared with both alastair cook and ian bell retiring out .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 2-0 at the signal iduna park . xabi alonso was left stretching for a pass with his team-mates watching on and ending up falling over . pep guardiola put his players through their paces as they carried out drills in training .
samir nasri went out with girlfriend anara atanes on tuesday night . the frenchman was pictured leaving hakkasan in the capital . city are now nine points behind premier league leaders chelsea . nasri and dzeko have had poor seasons and are expected to be part of a summer cull with city currently trail united .
the 11-time all star brushed off rough treatment from the chicago bulls as his cavs won on sunday by saying it 's the sort of thing nba stars should expect come this stage of the season . lebron delivered his first triple-double for cavs as they won a 50th game of the campaign and 18th straight at home in their march towards the playoffs .
kevin davies injured his left hand during preston 's fa cup fifth round replay defeat to manchester united on february 16 . the 38-year-old is n't adverse to putting the boot in himself . he formerly held the record for the most premier league bookings by a player with 99 .
ander herrera joined manchester united for # 29million from athletic bilbao . the 25-year-old says he bares his surname on the back of his shirt for superstitious reasons . herrera reached the copa del rey and the europa league finals in 2011-12 .
danny welbeck was spotted arriving at the manchester arena on monday night to watch the pop star perform . liverpool full back jose enrique was also in attendance at the concert along with team-mates alberto moreno and mamadou sakho . brendan rodgers would almost certainly have still been reeling from a heavy defeat that strangled the life out of the club 's hopes of reaching the champions league .
marcos rojo went away during a week off for his club side in portugal . the argentina international is impressing in defence under louis van gaal in his first season in the premier league . fitness instructor sarah watson claims rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail .
jack wilshere completed 90 minutes in arsenal 's 4-1 win over stoke city . the england midfielder has been out of action since november . he has set his sights on the fa cup semi-final with reading . click here for all the latest arsenal news , probable line ups and more .
the state of california 's approximately 162,000 inmates , the most dangerous serve their time in level iv maximum-security facilities where it is estimated as much as 97 per cent are gang affiliated . the gangs rule life behind the cement walls the same way as out on the streets , but for those who choose to leave the criminal families behind .
roy keane has denied committing a public order offence in an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver . the 43-year-old is said to have behaved aggressively towards cabbie fateh kerar , 44 , near traffic lights in ashley road , altrincham , on january 30 . he did not attend a brief hearing at trafford magistrates ' court on wednesday but a not guilty plea was entered by his lawyer , meaning he will now stand trial over the incident
brendan rodgers set his side the objective of winning a trophy and finishing inside the top four . liverpool have lost ground in the race for the champions league places and will find it hard to recover . blackburn 's record against top-flight opposition would be more than useful , for all kinds of reasons .
carlos colina , 32 , is being held on $ 1 million bail after pleading not guilty to aggravated assault and battery and improper disposal of a human body . the remains of jonathan camilien , 26 , including a torso and limbs , were found in a duffel bag near the campus of massachusetts institute of technology on saturday morning . colina previously worked out at the cambridge athletic club but was kicked out following a fight over gym equipment on november 24 .
japan 's j-league is just four games into a new season , but already the behaviour of its players is hitting the headlines for the wrong reasons . videos of the south korean defender kim min hyeok have gone viral after he allegedly brutally stamped on the face of opponent mu kanazaki .
cristiano ronaldo scored five goals as real madrid thrashed granada 9-1 on sunday afternoon . the portuguese star is one of the fittest athletes in the world . he tweeted for his many fans to join him in using excercise as a way of feeling better .
aston villa drew 3-3 with queens park rangers in the premier league . christian benteke scored a stunning hat-trick in the first half . tim sherwood backed christian to fire aston villa to safety . villa are three points above the barclays premier league drop zone .
the 22-second clip shows the two-time grand national winner galloping towards the speeding silver car and apparently jumping it as the bookmaker gears up for saturday 's big race at aintree . the clip starts with champion jockey ruby walsh describing how he will prepare for the grand national .
gary mabbutt has been left with a 30inch scar on his left leg . he was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find leg had gone cold . doctors warned him it was ` touch and go ' on whether it would have to be amputated . he has been forced to turn down roles in coaching .
chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas took to instagram to show off the shiners he picked up from stoke city midfielder charlie adam . the former arsenal and barcelona ace was caught by a flailing arm following a tussle with adam , the scorer of a 66-yard wonder goal .
arsenal were reeling after a 6-0 defeat by chelsea last season . the gunners are now in fine form and beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday . arsene wenger 's side have the same record as they did at this stage . defeats by swansea , stoke and manchester united will be looked back on .
jack wilshere has n't played for manchester city since injuring his ankle against manchester united in november . the gunners are ahead of city in the table and appear to be a club on the up . if # 30million or more is truly on the table , arsenal must consider it .
rio ferdinand has won 81 caps for england , six premier league titles , the fa cup and the champions league . the 36-year-old defender started regularly in the first part of the season but has been unable to hold down his spot in the side . ferdinand started the first seven matches of qpr 's premier league campaign before being dropped .
matt phillips set up another two goals for chris ramsey 's side in their 3-3 draw with aston villa on tuesday night . the winger has been in sensational form since the turn of the year . kevin de bruyne has 17 assists in the bundesliga this season .
tim sherwood 's jacket did not survive beyond the first 10 minutes . aston villa 's animated manager threw his gilet to the ground in celebration at the sight of christian benteke 's first half equaliser . he probably rather hoped his players were man enough to remain in the premier league after all .
arsenal beat stoke city 4-1 at the emirates on saturday afternoon . jack wilshere moved a step closer to recovery from the injury . he was joined by mikel arteta and abou diaby in the u21 premier league . the england midfielder is likely to play for nigeria .
steve parish posed for a picture at selhurst park with palace manager alan pardew , england boss roy hodgson and bill wyman . parish posted the picture on instagram , writing : ` great moment for me , ap , the england manager , one of the original @rollingstones @bill_wyman ' .
chelsea striker didier drogba was spotted talking on his mobile phone . the 37-year-old replaced diego costa during the second half of chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke on saturday . jose mourinho 's side claimed victory to extend their lead at the top .
franck ribery claims louis van gaal is a ` bad man ' who loses players ' trust . the french winger claims van gael messi was ` crushed ' at bayern munich . rafael nadal has been linked with a move away from the bundesliga club .
aston villa drew 3-3 with fellow relegation battlers qpr at villa park . tim sherwood went from despair to ecstasy and back again on tuesday . christian benteke completed his hat-trick with seven minutes to go . villa have six more games to achieve premier league survival .
reigning masters champion bubba watson admits he must ` improve as a man ' after his fellow professionals appeared to choose him as the most unpopular player on the pga tour . watson got double the number of responses -lrb- 22.6 per cent -rrb- of second-place finisher patrick reed , with rory sabbatini third and robert allenby fourth .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey met at villa park on tuesday night . the pair went toe to toe for 90 minutes of top-flight football . queens park rangers led , then charlie austin gave qpr the taste of victory before christian benteke wiped it away with his hat-trick .
leeds rhinos have sent full back zak hardaker on an anger management course . hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in leeds . leeds issued a lengthy statement outlining hardaker 's punishment , which will also see him forfeit one month 's salary to be donated to a local charity .
jenson button believes mclaren now have their rivals in their sights ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix . button and fernando alonso retired during the race at the sepang international circuit . the duo at least discovered the car was competitive alongside other midfield runners . button is now hoping further steps have been taken going into the race .
aston villa fan stan collymore watched his boyhood club claw back a vital point against premier league relegation rivals qpr . the former striker could not contain himself as christian benteke fired home to make it 2-1 to the home side . villa are 16th in the premier league table .
the image was taken at sebastian inlet state park near vero beach , florida . john bailey told wptv the bobcat might have been scared by his presence , since it scampered off toward the woods and let go of its find . a spokesman for the busch wildlife sanctuary has said she believes the image is genuine .
manchester city travel to old trafford to face united on sunday . sergio aguero and manuel pellegrini have proved divisive figures at united since their family bought the club . peter swailes was local but not many manchester city fans want to be reminded of his chairmanship .
liverpool host blackburn in the fa cup fourth round on may 30 . kolo toure found the net in liverpool 's fa cup clash with blackburn . steven gerrard lost his mind and liverpool lost by a combined total of 6-2 across the two games . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
wisden editor lawrence booth has launched a stinging attack on the ecb 's handling of kevin pietersen . booth uses his notes to take england to task after a tumultuous year . the star batsman will ply his trade for surrey in a bid to reclaim his spot in the england test team .
houssouf mulumbu has cast his vote for the pfa player of the year awards . the west brom midfielder has picked harry kane for the main prizes . chelsea wideman hazard is the pick for the young player of year . the baggies player posted an image of his voting slip to twitter .
` kondogbia was incredible for monaco , he was exactly the player arsenal needed to sign , ' sportsmail 's jamie redknapp said in february . the 22-year-old had just put in a dominant display at the emirates stadium as the ligue 1 side all-but-sealed their place in the quarter-finals of the champions league . but rather than arsenal , it now seems liverpool hold the main premier league interest in the 22-
tyrone mings , 22 , posted a text message conversation between him and his mother on his instagram account . his mother thanked him for wiping ` all my debt away for the first time ever in my life ' . mings has been a key player in ipswich town 's push for promotion this season .
manchester united have turned down offers from asia and australia . the trip will last in the region of 12 days -- a whole week shorter than last summer - and will be over by august 1 . united played four games in america last pre-season , here wayne rooney scores against la galaxy .
christian benteke 's hat-trick against qpr was also a triumph for the top-flight 's belgian contingent . the 24-year-old 's treble accounted for the 46th , 47th and 48th goals scored by belgium this season . eden hazard has struck 12 times in the premier league to help jose mourinho 's men to the top of the table .
stuart broad limps out of england 's warm-up match in saint kitts . the groundsmen placed sand on the crease but from the very next delivery broad slipped and went crashing to the ground . broad went off to receive ice treatment and returned to the action shortly afterwards .
images of manchester united 's home , away and third strips for next season have leaked on to the internet . the old trafford outfit announced they had signed a # 750million deal with sportwear giant adidas to make their kits for 10 years starting from the 2015-16 campaign . images suggest that the club 's away kit will be white , with the third strip black .
pep guardiola is set to enter into contract negotiations with bayern munich at the end of the season . the former barcelona boss has a contract which expires in the summer of 2016 . bayern are currently 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga and face bayer leverkusen in the quarter-finals of the german cup on wednesday night .
everton defender phil jagielka learned to cook a traditional thai dish . the toffees skipper tucks into a plate of pad thai after learning to cook the dish himself . songkran is celebrated in thailand between april 13 and 15 as the traditional new year 's day .
harry dowd played 181 games in nine years at maine road . he once scored for city , against bury , after switching to centre forward in a game in 1964 , having broken his thumb . dowd was a member of the side who beat leicester city 1-0 at wembley in 1969 .
robin van persie has missed manchester united 's last six games . louis van gaal said he did not expect the striker to be fit enough . the 31-year-old tweeted : ` back to training with the group today ' . united have hardly missed the dutchman , who has scored just 10 goals this term .
fc chernomorets odessa are struggling financially due to a lack of funding and sponsorship - with their case so severe that relegation and disqualification from uefa competitions . the club 's general manager sergey kernitskiy says the houses are valued at around # 67,000 .
ander herrera and juan mata have been in scintillating form in recent games with both bagging braces in manchester united 's last two victories . mata was the two-goal hero during his side 's 2-1 win against liverpool in may with his sensational volley on the hour mark . louis van gaal will be hoping the pair continue their hot-streak against manuel pellegrini 's men .
the unidentified woman was attacked by the would-be rapist as she was closing the empty shop in the eastern province of shandong , china . she let the man into the eatery when he knocked on the door and asked to use the toilet . the unidentified woman then raced out of the restaurant but was followed by her attacker .
fabregas broke his nose during chelsea 's win over stoke city on saturday . the spaniard has since travelled to milan to see a specialist . the mask was made by the ortholabsport , an orthopedic centre in milan , and their craftsmen stefano duchini and lucilla pezzoni .
manchester city stars have met up with more than 100 local schoolchildren for the unveiling . players including vincent kompany and gael clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design during a street party on wednesday . the 64metre design covers the south edge of the premier league champion 's academy stadium .
newcastle fans are planning to boycott the club 's next home game against tottenham on sunday , april 19 and turn up the heat on owner mike ashley . a social media campaign has been launched for the match , which will be shown live on sky sports , in a bid to ensure they are watched by their lowest ever premier league crowd . fans who do n't want to turn their back on the players with newcastle just above the relegation zone have been encouraged to take part
senad lulic scored a late goal to give lazio a 1-0 win at napoli . holders napoli went into the match as favourites after drawing 1-1 away in the first leg of the semi-final but were knocked out . rafael benitez was under pressure after his side slipped from third to sixth in serie a .
paul downton was fired by new ecb chief executive tom harrison . the decision to sack a man who has endured a traumatic 14 months since succeeding hugh morris after england 's ashes whitewash was unanimous . downton also oversaw the sacking of alastair cook as one-day captain .
ernest goult , 72 , is accused of making the gesture at a middlesbrough home game against blackburn in the championship in november . blackburn players markus olsson , rudy gestede and lee williamson are expected to give evidence at the trial .
cristiano ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career to become the third player in the club 's history to reach the landmark . the portugal forward netted against rayo vallecano in the 68th minute to move madrid within four points of their great rivals barcelona . the three-time ballon d'or winner suspended for saturday 's la liga game with eibar .
blackburn beat liverpool 1-0 in the fa cup quarter-final first leg . gary bowyer was in ` shock ' as he watched his goalkeeper simon eastwood almost snatch a last-gasp draw for his side . eastwood arrived in the liverpool penalty area in a bid to help his side draw level with seconds of the contest remaining .
steven gerrard was suspended for the quarter-final replay against blackburn rovers on march 22 . philippe coutinho came to the rescue for liverpool by scoring the game 's only goal at ewood park to book their place in the semi-final with aston villa . even blackburn manager gary bowyer feels it would be fitting for luis suarez to lift the trophy .
philippe coutinho eventually broke the deadlock after 161 goalless minutes across the two games . blackburn came close to levelling matters when goalkeeper simon eastwood was denied in stoppage time . the skipper was unfazed by the challenge of daniel sturridge and mainly restricted the england striker to potshots from range .
jack nicklaus was playing alongside gary player and ben crenshaw as the first roar of masters week filled the skies in a sunswept georgia . the ace was nicklaus ' first on the hallowed turf of augusta , but the veteran saw his achievement eclipsed by that of camilo villegas on a day which saw five hole-in-ones .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1-0 in the fa cup semi-finals on sunday . philippe coutinho hit the only goal of the game as his partner beccy gave birth to their second daughter , alba . brendan rodgers revealed henderson told him there was no chance he was missing the fixture once the baby had arrived .
steven gerrard , daniel sturridge , philippe coutinho and raheem sterling would all have been worthy recipients . luis suarez was clearly liverpool 's player of the season . brendan rodgers suggested after the brazilian 's fabulous goal against manchester city on march 1 he might be a contender for pfa young player of year .
mamadou sakho limped off early on in liverpool 's 1-0 fa cup sixth round replay win over blackburn rovers . the french defender was limping heavily and clutching his hamstring . kolo toure partnered dejan lovren in a threadbare defence with emre can and martin skrtel already unavailable .
hector bellerin scored a brilliant goal to put arsenal ahead against liverpool last weekend . the spaniard is developing a reputation as a player capable of becoming a top-level full back . the 26-year-old has emerged as a star player after filling in for the injured mathieu debuchy at right back this season .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2-0 in the premier league on saturday . carlo ancelotti plans to appeal the yellow card shown to cristiano ronaldo . the decision means he could be suspended for the game in la liga . real madrid manager antonio amaya was chopped down inside the box .
celtic retained their seven-point lead at the top of the scottish premiership with an easy 2-0 win over 10-man partick at parkhead . the home side laid siege to the thistle defence at the start of the match but had to rely on a kris commons penalty a minute before the break . james craigen had been shown a straight red card by referee willie collum for a ` last man ' foul on hoops midfielder stuart armstrong to
bayern munich beat bayern leverkusen 0-0 in the german cup semi-final . thiago alcantara scored the winning penalty in the shootout . bayern goalkeeper manuel neuer had saved josip drmic 's effort . the victory kept pep guardiola 's team on course for a repeat of the 2013 treble .
manchester city beat leicester city 3-0 at the king power stadium . layton ndukwu had given leicester hope of clawing back the advantage with 20 minutes to go . buckley and brandon barker struck to kill that dream off and set up a final against chelsea later this month .
delonte ' martistee , 22 , of georgia and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , of alabama were charged on friday with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators relating to the incident that occurred between march 10-12 . the alleged victim told deputies she thought she had been drugged before the incident and that she was afraid to report it because she could not remember many details . calhoun of mobile , alabama was suspended from troy university .
nina moric , 38 , took to instagram to deny claims she tried to take her own life . she was found by her mother in the luxury apartment she shares with her boyfriend in milan . ms moric told her fans that she was well and had no intention to end her life .
ashell ` bernie ' mitchell changed his name to khalid rashad after converting to islam . the 61-year-old has also been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . his sister is the singer liz mitchell who fronted the 1970s band boney m .
the storm prediction center , in a midday update to its forecast wednesday , upgraded to its second-highest advisory level . strong storms swamped indianapolis , cincinnati and charleston , west virginia , at midday wednesday . forecasters said more severe weather could form as far away as the plains of west texas .
the banyan tree in guangxi province does not stand on a single trunk , but a whole web of roots . locals say they have watched the whole thing sway in the wind due to its flimsy structure . the roots then became the trunk of the tree , leading to its strange appearance .
fabio capello insists john terry should never have been stripped of his captaincy . capello claims england would be in a much stronger position if they still had the chelsea stalwart at their disposal . italian was in charge of the national side when terry was charged by police .
alain robert climbed dubai 's 1,007 ft cayan tower with nothing more than sticky tape and chalk , which he kept in a pouch clipped to his waist . hundreds of spectators looked on as the 52-year-old free-climber scaled the 75-storey tower that has a twist of 90 degrees .
martin fletcher led the inquiry into the bradford stadium fire in 1985 . 56 football fans were killed in the tragedy at the time of the tragedy . sir oliver was asked about the new allegations in an interview on bbc radio leeds , where he rubbished mr fletcher 's claims .
the shooter opened fire on the armed police unit that stormed the house at 8am this morning . he yelled ` enter if you have the balls ' before an intense firefight ensued . the 50-year-old man is in a serious condition at hospital clinico in zaragoza after being shot twice in the shoulder with a shotgun .
the canal and river trust in bath are carrying out the dredging operation costing # 20,000 in preparation for a new development . divers had already located and harnessed the dumped items before the barge was used lift to the obstructions . the work is being focused on an area between windsor bridge and victoria bridge in the city in a clean up operation .
the first lady of north korea has appeared in public for the first time since december as part of celebrations marking the birthday of kim il-sung . the images of the couple at a podium flanked by top party officials were published in state media . their marriage was only revealed in july 2012 when pictures emerged of a young woman accompanying kim at official events in a break from the past .
andrew odell tweeted a picture of the rodent crawling around inside the packaging of his sliced white and said it was the first and last time he was going to shop at the supermarket . when aldi replied he wrote that his heavily pregnant wife claire had already been in touch and that the couple were ` extremely upset ' about the incident .
the ferocious feline was chasing what was sure to be dinner when it slipped on the icy surface . as the tiger raced towards the bird , it flew directly upwards forcing the tiger to flip right onto its back . but momentum caused its feet to slide away from underneath and go skidding along the slippery ground .
jordan morris scored early in the second half and juan agudelo added his first international goal in four years as the united states beat mexico . the 20-year-old thought to be the first university student to be picked by usa in at least two decades . morris replaced morris in the 65th minute and scored seven minutes later with a low shot from just outside the penalty area .
bob shannon helped prepare hatton for his comeback fight against vyacheslav senchenko in november 2012 . the manchester-based trainer 's stable includes hatton 's brother , matthew , the european welterweight champion . shannon landed a three-fight deal to train hatton through his ill-fated comeback after guiding matthew hatton to a world title shot .
manchester united beat swansea 1-0 at the aon complex on friday . luke shaw admits that ashley young is the biggest joker in the dressing room . he says the players still laugh at the time young got bird poo in his mouth during a top-flight match .
sir bobby robson 's title-chasing team were found in a skip outside st james ' park . the pictures were removed from corporate boxes and have been replaced by more recent images . nufc fans united are talking about going and helping themselves . the club said the images were ` old and not being used anymore ' .
jurgen klopp has announced he is to quit borussia dortmund at the end of the season . the germany world cup-winner is considered one of the best defenders in the game and would add steel to any back line . mats hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united .
andre ayew is out of contract at marseille in the summer . the ghana international admits he supported liverpool as a boy . the 25-year-old was born in france but followed his father abedi pele by playing for ghana where he has become one of their star performers .
dagenham midfielder joss labadie has been banned for six months . the 24-year-old was found guilty of a biting offence for the second time in the space of a year . it came just 12 months after he was fined # 2,000 for biting ronnie henry .
yattara opened the scoring in the 77th minute and ligue 1 top scorer lacazette took his tally to 25 minutes later . lyon beat bastia 4-0 in the league cup final against bastia . paris saint-germain are second two points off the pace with one game in hand .
fa chairman dyke must find # 30m to fund his masterplan to reform grassroots football with more 3g pitches in urban coaching hubs . england c , which has operated under different names since it was formed in 1979 , is managed by former barnet boss paul fairclough , who selects from players outside the football league .
bristol city beat bradford city 6-0 at valley parade on tuesday night . aden flint was on target at wembley , fulfilling a childhood dream . the robins stars shower each other in their isotonic drinks . flint has played a central role in returning city to the championship .
dundee have vowed to stand by paul mcgowan after the midfielder was spared jail for a third assault on a policeman . the 27-year-old has been placed on a 16-week restriction of liberty order which confines him to home between the hours of 7pm and 7am . the dark blues face ronny deila 's night next wednesday night .
the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the fa on what can be done to make the game safer for players . head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since hugo lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with romelu lukaku in 2013 . this weekend saw west brom wear retro kits against leicester .
police have released photos of 13 people they are trying to track down as they hunt for the fans who threw bottles at nrl referees . a touch judge suffered a broken shoulder when he slipped at anz stadium in sydney as he tried to dodge bottles being thrown by angry canterbury fans . referees had penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute of the game .
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league on wednesday . lionel messi and luis suarez have a special relationship , according to gerard pique . the spanish giants are in france ahead of their champions league quarter-final tie against psg .
damning footage has revealed the moment a florida police officer shouted : ` get on the f ****** ground or you 're dead ' . the clip captured from the police car at the scene shows shell cases flying as a police officer shot the 25-year-old schizophrenic . hall , who was diagnosed with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder , had been released from a mental hospital one week earlier . his mother , catherine daniels , called police to take him to a mental health unit ,
meet suma , one of melbourne zoo 's aging orangutans who suffers from arthritis , doctors had to anaesthetise suma in order to check how her condition has progressed . she was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 after keepers noticed some stiffness in her movements . x-rays were taken in areas where the orangutan has arthritis , her hips and ankles , as dr pirpiris then gave the ape a steroid injection which will reduce her pain for months and perhaps
a magnitude 3.1 earthquake caused a sharp jolt to be felt across a well-populated area just north of los angeles . the epicentre of the quake was around four miles north of san fernando near interstate 210 , according to the us geological survey . there was no reported damage or injuries .
a seller on ebay has claimed that he has aaron hernandez 's jailhouse identification card - and he 's trying to auction it off . the ebay listing , posted friday , showed a laminated badge featuring a photo and identifying information about the 25-year-old . the starting price for the card was $ 500 , though there were no bids on the item when the auction was removed from the site on saturday .
ian drinnan claimed his arthritis caused him almost constant pain . but the 58-year-old was filmed looking sprightly in his role at blackpool rangers fc . he said he could only walk for two or three minutes at a slow pace , could not bend and needed to use crutches because of the pain in his legs .
the photographer terry richardson released footage of her dancing in a bikini in a video called ` cat daddy ' without her permission . in the one-minute-long film , which played a huge part in kate 's rise to fame , it was claimed that kate was not happy with terry for releasing the footage . terry has worked with miley cyrus and kim kardashian .
daniel agger accused of elbowing fc copenhagen 's mattias jorgensen . the incident in the goalless draw was not seen by match officials . former liverpool defender agger is to be investigated by the country 's fa . click here for all the latest brondby news .
youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action . footage shows the tabby producing a range of unusual gurgling noises . when her back is rubbed , she lets out a string of gobbledygook sounds . many viewers have applauded the animal 's skills with one fan deeming her ` characterful ' .
quinn patrick was on a fishing trip with his dad at snow lake , indiana when the pair caught a bowfin . quinn deliberates whether someone should put it back in the water . the sound of the fish making impact with the youngster 's face is not dissimilar to a sound effect used in a cartoon .
the curl-crested jay is native to south america and is known to be a good mimic of other birds and man-made sounds . with the ever-growing presence of human 's in their natural habitats , the bird is one example of a number of species that have learned to incorporate peculiar everyday sounds .
lewis hamilton has described his ongoing contract issues as ' a pain in the backside ' . the british world champion was sporting two gold chains ahead of this week 's chinese grand prix . hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on sunday .
robin van persie snr posted the video on his instagram account . the seven-year-old has trained with both manchester clubs . he has his dad in stitches with what appears to be a goal celebration inspired by the film grease . manchester united forward will reportedly be offered # 5million to leave old trafford in the summer .
west indies lost five wickets for 20 runs and were in danger of wasting the initiative handed to them largely by ian bell 's century . anderson would not have expected to play a more significant role with bat than ball on the second day of the first test . west indies made anderson wait on an attritional day that was in sharp contrast to the excitement provided by the first of this series .
matej vydra 's superb volley helped watford on the trail for automatic promotion as they recorded a 2-0 victory over a spirited millwall side . millwall keeper david forde was called into action in the first minute , doing well to deny troy deeney after the striker had broken the offside trap .
joao teixeira broke his leg during brighton 's goalless draw with huddersfield . the 22-year-old was carried off on a stretcher in the 80th minute . brighton manager chris hughton has said it ` is a real blow ' to lose him .
ronny deila has admitted celtic will enter the champions league qualifiers minus defender jason denayer . the 19-year-old is wanted back at parent club manchester city for a pre-season assessment . denayer remains non-committal on the prospect of an extended loan deal .
the 11-year-old boy with autism is seen drawing the intricate map of the world from scratch . a student took the photos and her father posted them on the online community , reddit , as user bobitis . the world map was highly accurate and even included details such as political borders and tiny coastal islands .
borussia dortmund have offered a contract extension to mats hummels . the germany international has been on manchester united 's list of targets for some time but insists he has yet to make a decision . the 26-year-old has two years left on his contract but revealed he is still undecided over his future .
borussia dortmund beat hoffenheim 3-2 in the german cup semi-finals . ricardo rodriguez converted a second-half penalty to allow wolfsburg to advance with a 1-0 victory over freiburg . dortmund played without central defender mats hummels and forward star marco reus .
bayern munich beat borussia dortmund 1-0 in the bundesliga on saturday . robert lewandowski condemned his former club to defeat in the clash . dortmund captain mats hummels disagrees with his manager . the bavarians are now 10 points clear at the top of the table .
chelsea beat qpr 1-0 in the west london derby on sunday . john terry has been a crucial part of jose mourinho 's premier league title bid this season . the chelsea skipper racially abused anton ferdinand in october 2011 . ferdinand 's brother rio was injured for the match .
sunday 's trip to loftus road marks chelsea 's 700th game under russian rule . jose mourinho believes the next 700 will see them supply more players for the english national team as they implement abramovich 's demand to follow financial fair play -lrb- ffp -rrb- rules . the russian finally got his hands on the champions league trophy in 2012 .
uefa have set a potentially dangerous precedent by ruling that the final 18 seconds of england women 's u19 european championships qualifier against norway will be replayed . the elite round group 4 qualifier will be restarted at 9:45 pm at seaview stadium in belfast on thursday . england are awarded a penalty in the 96th minute at 2-1 down .
the bbc has made light of jeremy clarkson 's attack on a junior producer . the episode was apparently filmed last july , but the narration has recently been tweaked . a bbc spokesman said : ` a very small tweak has been made to more accurately reflect recent events ' .
the first year students at washington university were practising at creve coeur lake in missouri when the giant asian carp decided to strike . initially everything appears to be calm , until slight splashes can be seen rippling in the water around the boat . eventually the water begins calming once again and less of the fish emerge from the water as the boat comes in to dock .
goska spent some time volunteering at criadouro onça pintada in brazil and mixed with a number of exotic animals . among them was one-year-old rescued jaguar , perseu who was captured on video being bottle-fed by the polish volunteer . goska is recorded in another location feeding the feline while it sits on a rock and poses for pictures .
jeffrey klein said a staffer ` accidentally tweeted a link from her personal phone ' with a link to google image results for ` susan del percio hot ' . the democratic state senator , who broke away from his party and caucuses with republicans , said ` mistakes like this happen ' . he also said that the incident was being ` taken seriously ' .
the 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in pyongyang . footage shows the dictator smiling and waving , with his right-hand wrist in bandages . it is the latest in a string of presumed health problems for the north korean dictator , aged 32 . doctors who have examined the photos say it is unlikely he has fractured his wrist .
the storm system , which stretches from texas up to the great lakes and down to north carolina , has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring . hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees . strong storms rumbled through the southern plains early on thursday , missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather .
yan tai , 20 , weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan in south china 's guangdong province . but two years on and the pretty 20-year-old has ballooned to over 14 stone . her six-and-a-half-stone weight gain was all part of a plan to keep you 's pretty girlfriend by his side forever .
the dual carriageway was shut for an hour on monday afternoon . some cars were forced into the central barrier and one man needed treatment for neck and back injuries . a car swerved out of the way and went completely into the barrier . about four cars must have crashed before she finally stopped .
gary neville believes manchester united face their toughest test of the season when they visit premier league leaders chelsea on saturday . the dutchman 's side have beaten tottenham , liverpool and manchester city in recent weeks to enhance their chances of finishing in the top four .
siem de jong played 45 minutes for newcastle under 21s on wednesday . the 26-year-old made way at the break after coming through the first half of united 's 2-0 defeat to derby county at st james ' park . he was expected to miss the remainder of the season but now has an outside chance of featuring in the final six matches .
moussa sissoko was sent off during liverpool 's 2-0 defeat at anfield . the france international was given a second yellow card for the offence . head coach john carver feels it should have been a straight red . carver says newcastle can not rely on the shortcomings of others .
newcastle united face spurs at st james ' park on sunday . jack colback says he is already looking forward to next term . the 25-year-old was part of another lacklustre display during monday 's 2-0 defeat at liverpool . click here for all the latest newcastle united news .
andy lee will leave new york with his head held high and a burgeoning reputation firmly intact . the irishman vacated the wbo middleweight title lee won so gloriously in las vegas last december . quillin 's unbeaten record remains intact following the tie though he threw fewer punches than lee .
graeme mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday to finish six over par . the former us open champion is now a combined 24 over for his eight appearances in the year 's first major championship . european tour chief referee john terry said he would never consider not playing the masters despite another frustrating experience at augusta national .
rory mcilroy was joined by niall horan at the masters on wednesday . horan fell while caddying for the northern irish golfer in the traditional par-3 contest at augusta national . the irish singer will get some payback in september .
jermain defoe was introduced to the crowd at an event in newcastle . the 32-year-old was booed by some when he walked out on thursday . defoe scored the winner for sunderland in their tyne/wear derby victory on sunday at the stadium of light .
barcelona 's martin montoya made his hoop dreams come true by netting a lofted pass from around 30 yards ` downtown ' . the ball sails high in the air seemingly in the direction of no one while players look on . luis enrique 's side travel to seville on saturday hoping to stretch their current winning run into double figures .
chelsea manager jose mourinho believes he is improving in every aspect of his job . the 52-year-old has won league titles in all four countries that he has managed - portugal , england , italy and spain - and insists he continues to get better as a manager .
jose mourinho has sided with arsene wenger in calling into the question the legitimacy of the award . real madrid superstar cristiano ronaldo is the current holder of the trophy which is voted for by national team managers and captains . wenger said he was ` totally against ' the ballon d'or .
rory mcilroy was one over par after 11 holes before recording birdies on the 13th and 15th to card a one-under-par 71 . the world no 1 was forced to scramble for par a number of times . the 25-year-old has recorded a score of 77 or worse on each of his past five appearances at augusta national .
paul downton 's sacking on wednesday has paved the way for the 34-year-old to return to the international set-up . surrey play oxford mccu in a mcc university match on sunday . kevin pietersen took his place on the right of the front row for the surrey team photo shoot at the kia oval .
tiger woods took the long road around augusta with the world no 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round . former professional david feherty described woods as a ` dumbass ' -- although a shout of ` fore ' might have been more helpful . woods feels the heat with the 111 struggling with his talent .
arsenal are close to signing 16-year-old maxi romero from velez sarsfield for # 4.5 million . but the deal has been held up by red-tape over the make-up of romero 's ownership rights . the premier league have strict rules regarding third-party ownership .
jose mourinho reveals how sir alex ferguson inspired him to try to be a gracious manager . chelsea boss said ferguson showed him ` two faces ' during their first competitive meeting in 2004 . fergie 's manchester united were stunned by porto 's last-gasp goal .
leah williamson stepped up again to take the penalty for encroachment from england players at the weekend . instead of ordering her back to the spot , awarded a free-kick to norway . england were given a lifeline when uefa chiefs ruled it should be replayed .
rickie fowler has been dating bikini model alexis randock since 2014 . the 24-year-old caddied for him during the masters par three contest . dustin johnson has been engaged to model and pop singer paulina gretzky . lindsey vonn is a four-time world champion alpine ski racer .
brad jones , glen johnson and fabio borini were among the local celebrities to turn out as the sun shone in liverpool . philippe coutinho 's 70th-minute strike in the replay with blackburn saw the reds through to the last four in their final chance for silverware for the season .
michael vaughan will become the most powerful man in english cricket . the former england captain has already held talks with new ecb chief executive tom harrison and is in pole position to become the new director of cricket . if the ecb are going to land the man who appears to be their first choice then they will have to make him a supremo .
reanne evans is the first women player to play the hallowed baize of sheffield 's crucible theatre in the world snooker championship . the 29-year-old advanced the cause of women in sport no end and gave doherty the fright of his life in an enthralling and attritional match . evans won the world championship title back in 1997 .
kell brook received a hero 's ovation when he was introduced to the crowd in sheffield on thursday . brook watched on as dave chisnall was a winner twice on the same evening to catapult himself onto 17 points in second place . the world boxing champion is set to defend his title for a second time on may 30 against frankie gavin .
sergio aguero insists manchester city can retain the premier league . the argentina international scored a 94th minute winner to wrest the title from united 's grasp in 2012 . manuel pellegrini 's team are nine points behind chelsea , who have a match in hand against bottom side leicester .
danny welbeck scored the winner as arsenal beat manchester united in the fa cup quarter-final in march . the 15-year-old posted a vile , racist rant under the username @angeisleftfoot which read : ` welbeck is dead to me , the f ****** c *** ... ' .
former world no 1 amelie mauresmo was appointed as andy murray 's coach last summer . the 35-year-old marries long-time fiancee kim sears at dunblane cathedral on saturday . murray , 27 , came out as gay at the 1999 australian open .
british no 2 aljaz bedene has booked a quarter-final place at the grand prix hassan ii event in casablanca . the world no 99 switched allegiance from slovenia to britain last month . bedene , 25 , will now face third seed jiri vesely , who was given a far tougher test as he progressed to the last-eight .
arsenal are trying to find a cure for alex oxlade-chamberlain 's persistent groin problems in a bid to prevent surgery . the 21-year-old has suffered a setback in his bid to return from a hamstring strain that has sidelined him since the fa cup win over manchester united on march 9 . the root cause of the complaint remains unclear , with club doctors trying to establish a permanent cure for the problem .
jordan spieth took the first-day honours with a stunning opening round of 64 on a spectacular day of scoring at the sun-baked 79th masters . the south african posted scores of 67 to tie charley hoffman , an american representative of the rank and file . last man out jason day would join them in the evening shadows .
rob green was forced to suffer even more humiliation at the hands of a ball boy on monday night . the villa ball boy initially shames himself by slipping over while retrieving the ball behind qpr 's goal . the 35-year-old shows his frustration as the young prankster makes a swift exit .
karen sharpe , the mother of north charleston police officer michael slager , defended her son in an interview , saying she can not believe that he would do anything like what he 's accused of . she also revealed that his wife , who is eight months pregnant , is devastated . this as she also expressed her sympathy for walter scott 's family , the man her son shot dead .
jenson button crashed into the back of pastor maldonado 's lotus . the pair were dicing for 13th place as they battled for position on the run down to turn 1 . button was given a five-second penalty after the race dropped the british driver to 14th .
nico rosberg will start behind pole-sitter lewis hamilton with sebastian vettel third on the grid in china . the german was the last driver out for his final flying lap , meaning he had to rush to get in a competitive time . hamilton has now been out-qualified at each of the three races this season .
philippe saint-andre has failed to impose himself , winning only 15 of his 37 games in charge . he will remain in charge for the world cup in england from september 18 to october 31 . among the favorites to land the job are begles-bordeaux coach rapahael ibanez , former montpellier manager fabien galthie and long-time toulouse coach guy noves .
leicester tigers tackle saracens at allianz park on saturday . the tigers are separated by just two points and two places . rugby director richard cockerill believes the race will run until the final day of regular league season action . the 22-game premiership campaign concludes on may 16 .
sean maitland is leaving glasgow warriors to play in the aviva premiership with london irish next season . the 26-year-old has undergone surgery on his injured shoulder . head coach gregor townsend reported on thursday that he had suffered a setback and has now played his last game for the club .
jason gillespie has taken up a role with big bash league side adelaide strikers . the 39-year-old has been an influential figure at headingley since joining the county as first-team coach in november 2011 . he will begin his role there in december when the next edition of the bbl gets under way .
west indies fell to 155 for four in response to england 's first-innings total of 399 . jimmy anderson moved to within two wickets of sir ian botham 's record of 383 test wickets . anderson could only take the one wicket on day two of the first test in antigua .
west indies received an animated pep talk from bowling coach curtly ambrose . ambrose terrorised many a batsman during the 1990s . but alastair cook and co will be happy to see the big man beyond the boundary rope rather than thundering down the wicket towards them himself .
jermaine blackwood slashed his short delivery to alastair cook at slip . ben stokes thought he had england 's fifth wicket of the day in antigua . but the durham all-rounder 's front foot had crossed the line . vaughan thinks the 23-year-old should return to his natural style of bowling .
michael vaughan criticised the footwork and mindset of england 's top order for just looking to survive . jonathan trott was out for a duck on his return to the test match side in antigua . west indies ' early success after putting england into bat appeared at that stage to make a mockery of the comment by colin graves .
arsene wenger hopes burnley escape relegation from the premier league . burnley have won only once in 11 games , a famous 1-0 victory against city , but dyche still believes they can escape the drop . the gunners boss said : ` it would be a shame for burnley to go down ' .
roberto martinez complained seamus coleman should have been awarded a free-kick before the everton defender conceded the penalty that allowed swansea to pinch a 1-1 draw at the liberty stadium . martinez claimed referee michael oliver should have risen above the appeals from the faithful .
west bromwich albion host leicester city at the hawthorns -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . craig dawson is set to return after serving a one-match ban . youssouf mulumbu was sent off in the game and starts a three-game ban .
harry panayiotou has scooped the barclays premier league u21 player of the month award for march . the 20-year-old has been chosen ahead of all the players in division 1 and 2 based on his performance statistics . sportsmail held an exclusive q&a with the forward after he found out about the accolade .
newcastle announced record profits last month of # 18.7 million for 2013/14 season . full accounts registered with companies house on monday show # 38.6 million was transferred into newcastle 's bank account as a cash-flow sum . revelation has infuriated newcastle fans who claim owner mike ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight .
branislav ivanovic was hit on the head by a lighter thrown by a fan . chelsea beat queens park rangers 2-1 at loftus road on sunday . chris ramsey has condemned the behaviour of the blues . the football association will wait for referee andre marriner 's report .
jose mourinho 's side lost 2-1 to queens park rangers in the premier league . cesc fabregas scored an 87 minute winner at loftus road . mauricio isla dealt with drogba 's threat excellently . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
west brom are commemorating the launch of the jeff astle foundation . saido berahino was wearing no 9 for west brom , formerly worn by astle . astle died of chronic traumatic encephalopathy in 2002 at the age of 59 . the baggies are wearing a replica of their 1968 fa cup winning kit .
diafra sakho came off after 58 minutes of saturday 's 1-1 draw with stoke . the 25-year-old has scored 12 goals this season , but could be out for the rest of the season . west ham are ninth in the premier league with 43 points .
rangers have only won once in their last five away matches . stuart mccall wants his side to put their away-day blues behind them . myles hippolyte and marius zaliukas trading goals could end up being crucial in the quest to finish second in the table .
shane ferguson has not played since his country 's european qualifier win over greece in october . the 23-year-old 's knee injury had been expected to keep him out for the season . rangers boss stuart mccall expects ferguson to be fit and ready .
shane ferguson was sent north by the magpies as part of a five-man package on the final day of the january transfer window . gers missed the fact he was carrying a long-term knee injury . stuart mccall confident ferguson can play a vital role in the club 's play-off bid .
the ibrox board launched a probe into claims mike ashley 's firm had taken ownership of intellectual property , including the club 's famous crests . however , they are satisfied the position stems solely from the security attached to the loan from sports direct . both parties will come together within the next two weeks for talks .
real madrid return to la liga action on saturday . cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and james rodriguez played 90 minutes in the 0-0 draw at vicente calderon on tuesday . the fringe players took part in a session at the valdebebas complex .
chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois has established himself as one of the world 's best goalkeepers in recent years . the 22-year-old impressing first for genk , then atletico madrid and jose mourinho 's side . chelsea sit seven points clear of arsenal at the top of the premier league .
petr cech is in action for czech republic against latvia last week . cech has made just five premier league appearances this season . chelsea want at least # 10million for cech , and they would have to sell to a direct rival for the goalkeeper to end up at the emirates .
barcelona beat barcelona 3-1 at the parc des princes on wednesday . luis suarez scored his second goal of the champions league tie . laurent blanc admits his side felt the absence of the suspended marco verratti and zlatan ibrahimovic while psg were unable to start with david luiz .
liverpool lead the tributes to 96 people who lost their lives at hillsborough on the 26th anniversary of the hillsborough disaster . philippe coutinho shared a picture on instagram on the anniversary . liverpool and england striker daniel sturridge paid tribute on his instagram account .
wales have reached their highest ever position in the fifa world rankings . inspired by real madrid 's gareth bale , they were the biggest movers at the top end of the list with 153 points ahead of the april rankings . chris coleman 's side have surpassed the 27th spot achieved by terry yorath 's men back in 1993 .
jermain defoe opened the scoring for sunderland in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . the former tottenham striker was the first player to take part in the keepy up challenge . defoe eventually sets an impressive score of 76 for his team-mates to attempt to beat .
lakenya hall , 35 , of kenner , lousiana was arrested after driving six children to a fight where one was shot . hall was booked on six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace . a 15-year-old was also booked for aggravated battery and illegal possession of a handgun among other charges .
luke shaw signed for manchester united for # 31.5 m from southampton . the 19-year-old admits he has endured a ` frustrating ' debut season . shaw is back training with united after missing their last five premier league games . click here for all the latest man united news .
stoke beat stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge on sunday afternoon . charlie adam scored the best goal of his career at the club . the scotland international admits the main thing for him is how the team get on and he was quick to turn his focus to next weekend 's clash with west ham .
chelsea beat chelsea 2-1 at stamford bridge on saturday evening . charlie adam struck a stunning goal from inside his own half . the midfielder would go on to be a world-renowned , generational talent . beckham celebrated the final goal in 3-0 win for united on the opening day of the 1996-97 season .
charlie adam scored from the halfway line against chelsea . the stoke midfielder has been the talk of football this easter weekend . adam scored a similar effort for blackpool reserves against accrington stanley . the stage , it was far smaller too , though it 's easy to see why adam backed himself at stamford bridge on this evidence .
thibaut courtois was 66 yards from goal but had the audacity to score what will surely be crowned the barclays premier league 's strike of the season . david beckham did it against wimbledon in august 1996 , as did wayne rooney against west ham last march .
west ham united host stoke city at upton park -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . enner valencia available again following toe injury . andy carroll remains sidelined , along with doneil henry . marc wilson available for stoke despite broken hand .
jose mourinho insists cesc fabregas , nemanja matic and oscar will stick by his players despite the hard-fought 2-1 home win over stoke on saturday . the spanish international was substituted at half-time . oscar was withdrawn at half time but his manager insisted he was not struggling .
robin van persie has missed manchester united 's last six games . the red devils have won all five of their subsequent premier league matches . the 31-year-old arrived for united training on friday ahead of sunday 's home clash at old trafford . click here for all the latest united news .
dani alves posted a picture of himself with his trousers down on his instagram account on thursday . barcelona had never planned to keep alves beyond this season . alves will be 32 next month and on # 85,000-a-week he is one of their top earning defenders along with gerard pique .
mamadou sakho will miss monday 's visit of newcastle with a hamstring injury . france international came off in the first half of wednesday 's fa cup win over blackburn rovers . martin skrtel and steven gerrard must serve the final match of their three-game bans .
luis suarez has revealed he once sneaked his way into the nou camp . the uruguayan lit up the ` el clasico ' last month , where he scored the winner to send his side top of la liga but could have been playing for the opposition . suarez said : ` i 'm going to go in ' .
mario balotelli has no future at liverpool after brendan rodgers lost patience with the striker . liverpool 's manager had already gone cold on the italian . he knew jose mourinho considered him ` unmanageable ' and he listened to the anecdotal evidence he received from his staff .
liverpool beat blackburn 1-0 in the fa cup quarter-final replay at wembley . lucas leiva is hoping to get his chance in the last-four encounter with aston villa on april 19 . the brazil international missed all of them with a serious knee injury .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1.7 c above ` normal ' body temperature . robbie savage branded balotelli ` pathetic ' for missing the game . liverpool manager brendan rodgers revealed the # 16million striker travelled with the squad to blackburn following a ` slight knock ' .
derry mathews ' world title challenge is in limbo after richar abril withdrew . the cuban was due to face mathews on april 18 in liverpool . mathews may still fight for the title if the wba strip abril of his belt . click here for all the latest wba news .
newcastle lost 1-0 to sunderland at the stadium of light on sunday . the magpies were beaten for the fifth successive time in tyne-wear derbies . john carver admits newcastle need to look at the ` dna ' of their dressing-room this summer .
amir khan believes kell brook can have the ` one big payday ' which has so far eluded him during his 10-and-a-half year career . brook defeated jo dan to retain his ibf welterweight title last month . the bolton-born boxer has instead agreed a bout on may 30 .
barcelona defeated almeria 4-0 at the nou camp in la liga on wednesday night . leo messi scored his 33rd league goal of the season for the catalans . marc bartra opened the scoring with a similar left-footed strike . luis suarez doubled the lead with a trademark curled strike .
sevilla coach unai emery has guided the club to fifth in the la liga table ahead of the visit of barcelona on saturday . emery 's frantic arm gestures , wild eyes and bellowed commands clearly inspire his players rather than distract them . the 43-year-old joined sevilla in january 2013 , on the club 's radio station on wednesday .
the 21-year-old singer shared a photo on social media of him and mcilory before the pair headed out onto the course . horan fell while carrying mcilroy 's clubs around the par-three course , but the pair laughed it off as the northern irishman his a one-under-par round on wednesday . tiger woods also played the contest for the first time in 11 years .
rory mcilroy 's official coronation will come at augusta national on sunday if he wins the masters to complete the career grand slam and consign the tiger woods era to the history books . northern ireland 's world no 1 would be forgiven if he had grinned from ear to ear . shorter hitters or those with low ball flight will have no roll on the wet fairways .
fergal o'brien says alvarado is in better shape going into this weekend 's grand national at aintree . the 10-year-old gelding has run only once this season , finishing fifth at doncaster in february . the limerick-born limerick says that is preferable to 12 months ago .
models like cindy crawford , yasmin le bon and christie brinkley are making their own names in the fashion world . many of the models have come from supermodel stock - the likes of georgia jagger , amber le bon , ella richards and chanel .
liverpool and newcastle players took part in a minute silence in memory of the 96 fans who died at hillsborough almost 26 years ago . the fixture at anfield was preceded by a period of silence from both teams and the 45,000 fans gathered . flowers were also laid at the club 's hillsborough memorial .
porto face bayern munich in their champions league quarter-finalo . julen lopetegui says porto come into the match able to enjoy their achievement of being undefeated . porto were clinical in their last champions league start breezing past basle 4-0 to claim the last-16 tie 5-1 on aggregate .
barcelona face paris saint germain in the champions league on saturday . marc-andre ter stegen is keen to impress manager luis enrique . the 22-year-old is yet to make his la liga debut for the catalan giants . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
chelsea quartet eden hazard , thibaut courtois , kurt zouma and izzy brown marked the start of the thai new year in a novel way by showcasing their skills . the songkran festival , which started on monday , is celebrated by thais with the fun activity of throwing water at each other .
tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world . woods was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th appearance at the masters . memory lane was tripped down , the elder statesman played . woods has insisted he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it .
rory mcilroy won his first major at the par 3 contest in augusta . the northern irishman will take on niall horan in wednesday 's masters . niall is an honorary member at mullingar , westmeath , and rory might do more to stir up interest in golf among the young than any number of ` old fogey ' initiatives .
real madrid face rayo vallecano at the estadio de vallecas on wednesday . gareth bale scored real 's first goal in their 9-1 demolition of granada on sunday . the former tottenham star is now a doubt according to his manager .
brazilian football clubs have been put on alert after a dengue fever outbreak . three players were diagnosed with the mosquito-borne disease this week . players have been forced to use insect repellent during practice sessions and clubs have asked health officials to check their training centres for mosquito breeding sites .
paris saint-germain will be without the suspended zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti against barcelona . psg beat ligue 1 bitter rivals olympique de marseille 3-2 , thrashed st etienne 4-1 in the french cup semi-finals . both teams have been meeting regularly in the champions league .
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in the champions league on tuesday . gianluigi buffon says he is not thinking about retiring because he is still playing well . the 37-year-old made three important saves to deny monaco an away goal in tuesday 's game .
rangers will face champions hearts at tynecastle on may 3 . easter road chief executive leanne dempster and hearts chairwoman ann budge have lodged formal complaints with the league . budge also queried the ` sporting integrity ' of rangers playing 24 hours after their rivals given they are engaged in a dogfight with hibs for second place .
andy murray arrived back in britain on monday restored as world no 3 in the new rankings . the scot confirmed it will be a down-to-earth guest list when he marries fiancée kim sears in his hometown . star spotters will find celebrities in short supply as the couple focus on celebrating with family and genuine friends .
ben flower was sent off in the opening moments of october 's grand-final at old trafford . the welsh international was handed the second heaviest suspension in the history of super league . wigan coach shaun wane says he wants flower back ' a bit more aggressive and a bit fitter ' .
ben flower landed a sickening blow on lance hohaia in front of 75,000 spectators at old trafford and with the world watching . the 27-year-old is coming to the end of a six-month ban and is preparing to return to rugby league , but he is mentally scarred by the events .
kylie leuluai has not played since the super league leaders ' only defeat at warrington a month ago . brian mcdermott says his injury has now been properly diagnosed . the 37-year-old new zealander will be out for anything from between four to six weeks .
robin van persie has 14 months left on his # 250,000-a-week contract at old trafford . italian giants juventus and inter milan have both been linked with a summer move . united bosses are willing to pay the remaining half of a # 10m loyalty bonus .
liverpool beat newcastle 2-0 in the premier league on saturday . raheem sterling and joe allen scored for the reds . brendan rodgers vowed not to give up on champions league qualification after a convincing win over newcastle . liverpool moved within four points of the barclays premier league top four .
real madrid host atletico madrid in the champions league on tuesday . cristiano ronaldo pulled off a selection of back-heels and fancy flicks during monday 's training session . the world player of the year wales winger gareth bale was injured . pepe claimed the success in the league will give real a boost .
the hard-boiled egg is placed in a glass before it is filled quarter of the way with tap water . he then places his hand over the top of the glass , completely covering it . his next move is to vigorously shake the glass from left to right . youtube users have been praising micahmedia for his ingenious solution to the age-old problem .
new bush tucker trials invite both young and old ` non-celebrities ' to climb through ` pipe of peril ' , crawly corridors and dark caves . the experience begins with a briefing via video from presenters ant and dec , then there are gold stars to be won . the new attraction has been visited by actors angela griffin and tamzin outhwaite already .
the former england rugby star and husband of zara phillips bought the horse for # 12,000 at auction after a boozy dinner . after a whopping # 105,500 payday he tweeted ` holy s *** , i 'm lost for words and emotions ' what a dude : it 's tense , then zara and mike explode with emotion as monbeg dude finishes .
cristiano ronaldo has scored 300 goals for real madrid in just six years . the portuguese forward is catching raul 's -lrb- l -rrb- club record . he is just seven goals shy of alfredo di stefano in the club standings .
southampton host hull city at the emirates stadium on saturday . graziano pelle has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season . ronald koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form to make europe . saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches .
eden hazard has developed into one of the world 's best players . the pfa young player of the year has been fouled nine times . mourinho demanded more protection from referees for hazard . luis suarez , gareth bale and wayne rooney could all start for chelsea .
newcastle have lost the last five tyne-wear derbies in the wake of sunday 's s 1-0 defeat at sunderland . owner john carver would walk away from newcastle if the club 's hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment . fans are threatening to boycott the next home game against spurs .
newcastle beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night . alan pardew says sunderland should be more concerned about his in-form side . pardew believes the eagles must stick to the characteristics which have seen them soar to 11th place in the table .
richie benaud died peacefully in his sleep surrounded by his wife daphne and family members . he had been receiving radiation treatment for skin cancer since november . news of his death threw the cricket world and beyond into mourning as tributes flowed in to a man remembered for his wry sense of humour .
stoke city manager mark hughes plans to make the britannia stadium pitch bigger to suit his side 's passing style of play . the potters ' current playing surface is the joint smallest in the premier league . but hughes is keen to extend its current 100m x 66m parameter .
mark selby , john higgins and ding junhui were among a number of players who moved effortlessly into the last 16 of the china open . ding , the home favourite and reigning champion in beijing , had two breaks of 86 in a convincing 5-1 victory against mark davis . bristolian trump , who lost out to higgins in the 2011 world championship final , enjoyed a century break in frame six .
rita ora , 24 , is a best-selling singer , actress , beauty buff and one of the world 's most successful stars . she has taken the brand 's classics and put her own bold spin on them . her latest collaboration with adidas originals is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on may 1 .
lauren hill , who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday , had defied doctors ' expectations after they told her she would not live past december . instead , she played four games with her team at mount st. joseph university in cincinnati and raised more than $ 1.5 million for research into the cancer . but as her condition worsened , she became an honorary coach and earlier this year , she moved to cincinnati children 's hospital , where
jose mourinho has won 21 major trophies during his 15-year career . czech stopper petr cech has become a chelsea stalwart . sergio ramos has been a star at the back for real madrid for 10 years . john terry has captained the club whenever he has been in charge .
a video from the philadelphia office of transportation shows characters in ` safety suits ' including bubbleman , a ` fashionista ' wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights . campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one 's phone , including the fact 37 people died from being hit by cars last year . other safety programs are directed at keeping motorists from hitting and killing pedestrians , the city of brotherly love 's is focused on those walking
manchester city host manchester united at old trafford on sunday . yaya toure , aleksandar kolarov , frank lampard and edin dzeko lead the way . manuel pellegrini said he is doubtful for the match against louis van gaal 's men .
chelsea stormed into the uefa youth league final following a 4-0 mauling of roma in the semis . charlie colckett 's deflected shot gave chelsea the lead . dominic solanke then scored a brace , before tammy abraham wrapped up the win with a tap in on 83 minutes .
jonathan trott is set to make his 50th test appearance for england against the west indies on monday . trott was forced to head home to an uncertain future after his ordeal at the hands of mitchell johnson in the first ashes test but has battled back to be on the brink of making his test appearance . england headed to antigua on friday .
wayne rooney , ander herrera and all the other big-hitters were in action as louis van gaal oversaw their preparations for the huge derby on sunday afternoon . robin van persie has returned to training after getting injured defeat at swansea in february . city have won on their last three visits to old trafford .
qpr manager harry redknapp has described the club as ` like a bit of a soap opera ' after quitting in february . the 68-year-old blamed knee problems for his decision to leave the barclays premier league strugglers . ex-qpr boss believes he would have helped qpr avoid relegation .
james mcclean 's reaction said it all . as scott carson 's long , hopeful punt downfield floated out of play . they were 2-1 down at that point , two moments of genius from ross mccormack and matt smith the difference . it is an infuriating situation , the damage inflicted by an ultimately doomed appointment of malky mackay incurable this season .
arsenal face burnley at the emirates stadium on april 26 . santi cazorla is set to make his 100th premier league appearance . nacho monreal , theo walcott , hector bellerin and olivier giroud appear in good spirits during training .
chris smalling posted a photo of himself and girlfriend sam cooke on twitter . the 25-year-old is establishing himself as one of the best defenders in manchester united 's defence under louis van gaal . smalling could return for united as they look to cement their place in the champions league .
gareth bale will be rested for saturday 's la liga game at home to eibar . the welshman joins toni kroos and james rodriguez on the sidelines . real madrid boss carlo ancelotti said he had not made a final decision .
chris ramsey reveals he will have no problem shaking john terry 's hand in light of the racist comments the former england captain directed at anton ferdinand four years ago . terry was banned for four games and fined # 220,000 for the remarks made in october 2011 during chelsea 's 1-0 defeat at loftus road . the 52-year-old suspects his player 's one-time england colleague will be on the receiving end of a hostile
arsenal are the form team in europe at present , winning 10 games out of their last 11 . olivier giroud ca n't stop scoring , hector bellerin and francis coquelin have emerged . arsene wenger seems to have found his drive once again .
chelsea captain john terry revealed his team of the year on instagram . the 21-year-old has scored 19 goals in second half of the season . terry has not been on the losing side to liverpool in three games . the former england captain has scored four league goals this season .
chelsea are on course to become the most dominant title-winners in premier league history . jose mourinho 's side have led the way since beating everton 6-3 at goodison park on august 30 . the blues have been top for 230 days as of friday april 10 .
diego costa will miss four weeks with a hamstring injury , chelsea manager jose mourinho has confirmed . costa was already certain to miss the games against queens park rangers and manchester united but had hoped to return in time for the clash against arsenal on april 26 . the 26-year-old has a history of hamstring problems .
manchester city have been reined in by financial fair play . gary neville believes city need to be bold and take on uefa 's ffp regulations . the former manchester united defender believes city would now struggle to attract top players thanks to financial restrictions . click here for all the latest manchester city news .
ilkay gundogan expects to complete a # 15million move to old trafford . germany centre mats hummels has indicated he 's finally ready to become a united player . united are believed to have responded to the signal from the german midfielder and are confident of agreeing a fee with dortmund .
jose mourinho insists eden hazard is in a one-horse race to scoop the player of the season award . the chelsea forward has been outstanding this season . hazard will face stiff competition from tottenham 's harry kane . click here for all the latest transfer news .
richie benaud will not be returning to england next summer to sustain his pre-eminence as cricket 's finest commentator . a recent poll by the wisden cricketer magazine attracted an astonishing 12,000 votes . precisely 10,128 of them nominated benaud as the best .
niki lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at nico rosberg ahead of the chinese grand prix in shanghai . the three-time world champion is colourful , candid and carefree . lauda is now chairman of mercedes f1 , aimed his first grenade at his driver .
justin rose ended the day on seven under , sharing third place . the 2013 us open champion is one of a handful of players hanging on to the coat tails of runaway leader jordan spieth . rose bogeyed three of the first four holes , finding himself playing from the trees as he recovered from wayward tee shots .
padraig harrington hits a tee shot on the fourth hole during the second day of the masters on friday . the par fours are the scoring holes and lived up to their billing since all of them had a scoring average under the regulation mark . byron meth opened with a 74 on his masters debut .
lee westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the par-five second . the irishman was spotted on the driving range at augusta with a rubber band wrapped around his knees and standing away from the ball . harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months and the secret of his success could be down to his unusual practice technique .
arsenal have confirmed they will travel to australia and malaysia at the end of the premier league season . chelsea are also set to travel abroad when the current campaign finishes . louis van gaal has successfully lobbied for a shorter than anticipated tour of the us this summer .
kevin pietersen made 170 off 149 balls against oxford mccu on sunday . former england captains alec stewart and nasser hussain have since had their say on the 34-year-old 's chances of a return to the test arena . pussain insists england 's selectors need to clarify with a ` very public decision ' .
alec stewart admitted he has had no contact with the ecb over the role of england cricket director . the surrey director of cricket is yet to speak to anyone at the england and wales cricket board about the position . stewart played 133 tests and 170 odis for england .
chelsea 's eden hazard and santi cazorla are set to make their 100th premier league appearance this weekend . both players have been hugely influential since they moved to london in 2012 , but who has been the most exciting import to watch ? sportsmail 's reporters choose the player they most enjoy seeing in action .
delone ' martistee , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , have been arrested in connection with the alleged rape in troy , alabama . authorities say hundreds of people walked past but did not stop the attack near spinnaker beach club on panama city beach .
eidur gudjohnsen spared bolton 's blushes with virtually the final kick of the game . michael jacobs ' ninth-minute opener looked to have given the bottom-of-the-table seasiders their first success on the road since they beat wigan on april 26 . bolton have repeatedly conceded late goals themselves in recent weeks .
brandon wyne , 17 , was in the backseat of the car driven by friend courtney griffith , 18 , on january 10 when they were pulled over for a broken tail light . when the officers approached their car they claimed to smell marijuana . wyne agreed to comply but on the condition that nobody touch him until his mother arrives as he is a minor . his resistance prompted an argument , filmed on the cell phone , which culminated in the officer spraying wyne with pepper spray and
oxford women made history on saturday with a 12th boat race victory in 16 years on a landmark day for the sport . for the first time in 88 years the women 's race was staged on the famous tideway course that for so long had been the sole preserve of the men . oxford romped to victory by six and a half lengths against cambridge .
nico rosberg will start behind pole-sitter lewis hamilton with sebastian vettel third on the grid in china . the german was the final driver out of the pit-lane during qualifying meaning he had to turn in a quicker out-lap than he would have liked to start his final shot at usurping hamilton .
arsenal have won seven straight games since defeat against tottenham . just seven points behind chelsea , arsenal have a chance to surpass manchester city 's equally impressive run of seven victories this season . victory will ensure arsenal claim the longest winning streak in the top-flight this season when they take on burnley .
arsenal beat burnley 2-0 at turf moor in the premier league . aaron ramsey 's early goal put them ahead and burnley did n't create too many clear-cut chances . michael duff goes up to challenge olivier giroud during the hard-fought encounter .
peter crouch was at hand to give his verdict on adam 's dancing skills on sky 's soccer am chat show the previous weekend . crouch originally brought the robot celebration into prominence for england against jamaica in 2006 . the 34-year-old was a more than qualified judge for the verdict .
the unnamed woman was discovered lying unconscious march 22 in the area near shore parkway and 26th avenue in brooklyn . paramedics who responded to the scene were unable to revive her and she was pronounced dead that evening . investigators believe the faded body art was the name ` monique ' etched across a tattooed ribbon within a heart topped with a rose .
the exclusive golfbidder.co.uk competition prize bundle includes a callaway xr hybrid and a set of xr irons . one of the uk 's busiest online golf retailers , has also thrown in a dozen callaway chrome soft golf balls as part of this superb golf package .
steve mcclaren pointed an accusing finger at his own team after they let 10-man watford battle back to grab a 2-2 draw at the ipro stadium . derby had been in control until matej vydra fired them ahead in the 23rd minute after cyrus christie lost the ball out on the right but a mistake by ben watson just before half-time changed the game . the result leaves derby without a win in seven games and six points off the top
feli austin was sent off in the first half for elbowing ben marshall off the ball . tom cairney , jordan rhodes and jay spearing settled the match . rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches . leeds ' five-game undefeated sequence came to an end .
patrick bamford scored his 17th goal of the season for middlesbrough . the on-loan chelsea forward struck his 15th of the campaign . no one has scored more in the 16 intervening years . wigan have just six matches to avert the prospect of playing league one .
bakary sako scored wolves ' second goal in a 2-1 win at nottingham forest . dexter blackstock pulled one back for forest four minutes into injury time . kenny jackett believes it is now just the top eight in the sky bet championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places .
robin thomas , of jonesboro , arkansas , posted a sign on his truck that reads , ` looking for a date ? would you date a single father ? ' . the advertisement then shows his phone number and below reads , ' * ages 21 and up * ' . thomas has three kids , aged six to 11 , who he said that his kids think the sign is ` cute ' .
the iowa board of chiropractic released a report detailing charges against charles manuel , of lamoni . manuel signed an agreement last month admitting his misdeeds and pledging not to apply for reinstatement for at least 10 years . he 's received outstanding evaluations for patient satisfaction on healthgrades.com .
charles and camilla , known as the duke and duchess of rothesay in scotland , were invited to fit the bungs to the casks . but they will have to wait around eight to 10 years to sample the single malt as the owners plan to allow it to mature . the whisky from both casks will then be bottled to the benefit of the royal visitors ' charities .
flamur ukshini , 23 , from the kosovan capital of pristina has got almost 40,000 fans on instagram thanks to his likeness to zayn malik . every picture that flamur posts is immediately fawned over by legions of directioners and most of his photos have been liked thousands of times .
the sherlock star was challenged to a game by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping while hosting the laureus world sports awards in shanghai . cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in china because of the popularity of the sherlock tv series and his skit with deng went down a storm .
an unidentified man was caught on the nbc sports channel wandering across the green at the ko olina resort in oahu . announcers could n't help but chuckle at the course-crasher 's escapades as he went into the water to retrieve a hat that had blown off in the wind . the drinks can was seen popping out of his pocket and floating away .
clint chadbourne , 71 , was headed back to portland with his wife and daughter when they pulled over at a rest stop . when clint tried to get out the car , he could n't do it because his gut was stuck in his seatbelt . it 's unclear what he was trying to say , but probably did n't mean he was getting scared of water .
dozens of staff at manchester united 's megastore are sweating over their futures with the club 's world-record # 750m kit deal about to kick in . on july 31 nike , who employ fred and a number of other workers at the old trafford shop , will see their agreement expire . some claim they are being kept in the dark over whether they will be re-employed , blaming the us sportswear giants for the issue .
arsene wenger has branded jurgen klopp 's departure as a ` ridiculous circus ' . klopp announced on wednesday that he would be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season after seven years in which the club won two bundesliga titles . the 47-year-old said : ` it 's down to every club to make the right decision and to respect dortmund ' .
the unnamed worker was spotted on the roof 30-feet above the ground . a local resident noticed the man carrying out the work with a lack of safety equipment on the slippery tiles . a building expert said the man should have at least had scaffolding up at the front of the property and a much longer ladder with a harness .
ac milan host ac milan in the champions league quarter-final on sunday . the two sides will meet once more against the backdrop of a champions league semifinal in 2005 . ac have changed dramatically since their glory years at the champs league second leg , april 12 , 2005 . they have won just one of their last five champions league matches .
new york city fc 's mehdi ballouchy opened the scoring before his side were pegged back . kreis and nycfc will be under no illusions about the task in hand . the big apple sports fans have been quick to adopt city 's plans though it will take more time .
diego castro header gave getafe a 1-1 draw in la liga on sunday . villarreal 's mateo musacchio was carried off on a stretcher . the argentine underwent a successful operation after being taken to hospital , where he was diagnosed with a broken left ankle .
nac breda beat fc dordrecht 2-0 in the eredivisie on saturday . robert maaskant let his fists do the talking as his side did just that . the 46-year-old smashes through the plastic casing of the dugout .
diego maradona scored the winner during an exhibition match in bogota . the 1986 world cup winner was surrounded by media and cameraman . the hot headed argentine was n't finished there as the media swarm surrounding him after the match clearly got on his nerves and he took a swipe .
bournemouth beat reading 1-0 at the madejski stadium . callum wilson opened the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute . but the cherries are n't choking , as of yet , wilson 's 22nd goal of the season setting them on their way to a third successive win .
arsenal will take on manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday . gunners boss jurgen klopp says something must be done to solve the fixture scheduling mess in england . wenger admits a united win at chelsea could open up the title race again again .
luis suarez scored two goals in barcelona 's champions league semi-final . the spanish call the nutmeg a ` tunnel ' and in catalonia they are hailing the ` eurotunnels ' that have led barcelona to within two games of the berlin final . suarez has scored 13 goals in his last 14 games .
psg striker zlatan ibrahimovic will miss his side 's matches against nice , lille , metz and nantes . the swede lost his temper and vented his anger on television . he insulted referee lionel jaffredo and one of his assistants , then used an expletive to describe france .
liverpool host aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on may 30 . simon mignolet insists liverpool 's players are not feeling the pressure of trying to give steven gerrard a dream send-off . liverpool have made heavy weather of getting to the semi-finals .
wayne rooney has revealed he has had to learn to be his own man . the united skipper has also played alongside steven gerrard and john terry for the national side . rooney was catained by midfielder roy keane during his early years at old trafford . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
binky said that faux fur is one of her top tips for achieving chelsea street style . the 24-year-old has been in the cast of the hit e4 programme since 2011 . she has teamed up with phone case company otterbox as they launch their new mysymmetry customisable series .
boca juniors set up a mouthwatering copa libertadores last-16 clash with fierce rivals river plate . leandro marin headed the argentinian giants into the lead in the final minute but a lengthy delay in the second half meant there was a significant amount of injury time . jonatan calleri completed all three points in the 11th minute of time added on .
molly hennessey-fiske , a reporter for the los angeles times , has been covering proceedings against durst , 71 , after his mid-march arrest in louisiana . the letter , post-marked april 1st in baton rouge , states that durst ` said nothing about charges , crimes or trials ' . but rambles on about durst 's thoughts on life in southern california . durst was arrested for the 2000 murder of
sickening footage has surfaced of a teenage girl being struck by a fast moving car and flung into the air . the 15-year-old girl was hit on entrance road in warrilla at about 1am on wednesday morning . she suffered minor injuries and has already been released from shellharbour hospital .
australians pay higher prices for a range of consumer goods and services than are paid in any other place . a luxurious hotel room in sydney will set you back around $ 1126 per night , $ 640 more than in new york . new zealand came in as the second most expensive country in the world .
two french tourists allegedly ignited an aerosol spray with a lighter causing a large flame to make contact with a quokka on rottnest island off perth in western australia . the lucky little critter survived the reckless incident but was singed by the flame . both men aged 18 and 24 , and both currently living in cockburn central , were evicted from the island .
sevilla beat zenit st petersburg 2-1 in the europa league quarter-final . aleksandr ryazantsev had given the visitors the lead in the first-half . carlos bacca drew the home side level with a close-range header .
ronnie tran and his mother were kidnapped by two women from their home in des moines , washington , on tuesday . police say the 40-year-old mother was stunned with a taser and bound with plastic ties before being driven with her son . she managed to untie herself , but had to flee without her son , police said .
miami-dade police department set up a hidden camera to deal with the ongoing problem of luggage theft . found workers rifling through checked bags both before they were loaded onto planes and once inside the aircraft 's belly . this as it is revealed that 31 employees have been arrested for theft in miami since 2012 , including six this year .
shannen hussein , 21 , lives on a 30-acre farm in rockbank , 34 kilometres north-west of melbourne . her lamb winter became an internet sensation after a video of him bounding down a hallway went viral . ms hussein cares for dogs , cats , sheep , lizards , snakes , scorpions , camels and many more creatures . her social media accounts are filled with cute and quirky snapshots of some of the animals ' unique behaviours .
carmem dierks , 60 , was running the dodgy practice in west orange county , florida . authorities discovered hundreds of patient files , two dentist chairs , an x-ray machine and dental molds . she is facing charges of practicing unlicensed dentistry and operating an unregistered dental lab .
pippa middleton kicked up her workout gear to the next level with a pair of new balance sneakers trimmed with a pop of pink . the royal sister topped off the chicness of her ensemble with a peek at a pink sports bra underneath her blue top . fila approach sneaker at zappos .
siem de jong played 45 minutes for newcastle 's under-21s team on wednesday . the 26-year-old has made just three senior appearances for the club . head coach john carver has hinted he could make the 18 for sunday 's barclays premier league fixture against tottenham at st james ' park .
bianca gascoigne 's daughter bianca was mugged by a gang in london . the 28-year-old talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone . the attackers are understood to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought back .
serie a club parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations . the sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season . parma 's players celebrate beating juventus at the weekend . the club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season .
piers morgan says arsenal should sack arsene wenger and replace him with jurgen klopp now that the borussia dortmund manager has announced his intention to leave the german club in the summer . morgan has long been an outspoken critic of wenger , and believes klopp would do a better job .
jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer . the 47-year-old coach has been linked with several other english teams in the past , including liverpool and arsenal . klopp will officially cease to be dortmund manager on june 30 .
manchester united beat manchester united 4-1 at old trafford . ashley young was delighted that he and his team-mates were able to silence their ` noisy neighbours ' . the 29-year-old insisted the players feel like they can win all their remaining matches and finish the season on a high .
dani alves has rejected barca 's latest contract offer with the likes of manchester united and paris saint-germain . the 31-year-old 's agent revealed last week that alves is not thinking about leaving the catalan club . the brazilian is out of contract this summer , sparking rumours about his future .
gerard pique is preparing to play his 300th game for barcelona against paris saint-germain . the 28-year-old joined barca in 2008 from manchester united and mundo deportivo . pique has faced the greatest players in the world during his time at the nou camp .
everton beat swansea 1-0 in their premier league clash on saturday . jonjo shelvey converted from 12 yards to rescue a point . roberto martinez carried the frown of a man down on his luck . the spaniard made no mistake as the former liverpool midfielder sends everton goalkeeper tim howard the wrong way .
tim howard is adamant the europa league is not to blame for everton 's poor season in the premier league . the merseyside outfit played 10 games in europe this season before being knocked out by dynamo kiev . the game ended in a 1-1 draw at the liberty stadium .
sergey bubka launched his election manifesto on wednesday . the ukrainian pole vault great is battling with fellow iaaf vice-president coe for the top job at athletics ' world governing body . bubka also called for a ` very deep study ' to look at the possibility of imposing sanctions on national federations who have a high number of doping cases .
barcelona will offer # 50m for in-demand juventus midfielder paul pogba . the frenchman is one of europe 's most in demand young talents . spanish press reports indicate chelsea are the only two viable destinations for the 22-year-old frenchman .
videoed in their front room , the dog named foxxy cleopatra and the reptile called ryuu can be seen chasing after one another . without warning , the bearded dragon then charges at full speed towards the dog and forces it to make a quick retreat . the video maker said that the chihuahua never tries to hurt the dragon and loves to chase after him .
alfred hitchcock 's film the birds came in through the chimney in texas . the video maker stated that he initially thought the intruders were bats . now believes them to be sparrows , capturing them on camera as they fly around the room , the man remains very calm while narrating on the carnage .
spencer gerlach , 20 , told police that he and his ex-wife keltsie had a dispute on wednesday afternoon that escalated into murder . the couple 's 15-month-old daughter was unharmed in her crib and was asleep in the next room . spencer faces first-degree murder charges and was booked at elder county jail .
robbie savage has taken to twitter to show fans that his diet and fitness regime is paying dividends , as he tries to lose the flab . the match of the day pundit appears to have worked hard in the gym to lose his ` podgy ' label but he still has some way to return back to his so-called ` glory days ' .
southampton lost 1-0 to everton at goodison park on saturday . graziano pelle has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season . ronald koeman feels southampton have found it hard to score due to their barclays premier league rivals giving them more respect .
jordan spieth has hailed the ` most incredible week ' of his life after winning the masters at augusta in 39 years . the 21-year-old held his nerve in sunday 's final round to keep control of the season 's first major championship . tiger woods ' record of an 18-under 270 and finishing four shots clear of the field .
jordan spieth won his first masters title in emphatic fashion . the 21-year-old finished 18 under to beat rose and phil mickelson . mciiroy shot an impressive last-round 66 but could only finish fourth . rory mcilroy finished fourth after a closing 66 .
aljaz bedene was unable to sustain his strong run since switching allegiance from slovenia . the world no 99 had breezed past fellow-qualifier arthur de greef of belgium in a 70-minute , straight-sets victory to set up his quarter-final clash . vesely saw off bedene 6-1 6-4 to reach the final four and tee up a clash with spanish veteran daniel gimeno-traver .
andy murray is marrying his long-term girlfriend kim sears . the pair have been together for 10 years after meeting at the 2005 us open . they got back together after a brief split in 2010 before announcing their engagement last year . murray will forego a traditional honeymoon to fly to barcelona .
andy murray will be heading to barcelona next week for a training block that has now taken on a much increased significance . the british no 1 is set to marry his long-term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane on saturday . mauresmo is likely to have a key part to play as murray attempts to regain his title at sw19 .
saracens winger chris wyles was sin-binned for a barge on chris ashton . saracens scored two tries with him off and the game was as good over at 14-6 when he came back . sarries no 8 billy vunipola makes a trademark bullocking run into the heart of the tigers defence .
harlequins winger charlie walker scored the crucial try in the 70th minute at the stoop . the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn , but was overlooked by england throughout the rbs 6 nations . yarde seized the initiative for the london club and full-back ollie lindsay-hague .
alastair cook failed with the bat once again on day three of the first test . england finished on 116-3 to lead by 220 runs at the end of the third day . but the hosts are jubilant that struggling cook has twice fallen cheaply to the plan of bowling at him full and swinging around off stump .
ian botham was tempted to bet on jimmy anderson breaking his record . the burnley express kept everyone waiting , and watching test cricket can be a hard slog for anyone . anderson 's wife daniella and daughter ruby luxe watch the action from the stands at the sir viv richards stadium .
england captain jonathan trott has endured a nightmare return to the england team for his 50th test , 18 months after the trauma of leaving the ashes tour . cook returned to something like his best last year with three half-centuries in his last four test innings against india but his woeful one-day form in sri lanka led england to jettisoning him as 50-over captain ahead of the world cup .
australia world cup-winner aaron finch must recover from a hamstring injury if he is to play for yorkshire again this summer . finch had to retire hurt after a quick single for mumbai indians in their indian premier league match against rajasthan royals .
steph curry made 77 consecutive three-point attempts in a row during practice . the 27-year-old demonstrated why he is widely-regarded as one of the best-ever shooters from behind the arc in basketball history . curry has been virtually flawless for steve kerr 's side this season .
kawhi leonard , matt bonner , patty mills , aron baynes and official mascot the coyote all teamed up to form the band . the video shows the four players performing debut single ` spurs ! ' . spurs have won their last 11 matches , including a 107-91 victory over phoenix suns in their last match .
c.j. miles scored 25 points and george hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt to open the second overtime on tuesday . the pacers have won six straight games and will make a fifth straight playoff appearance if they win at memphis on the final night of the regular season .
aston villa are six points clear of queens park rangers in the fa cup semi-final . christian benteke said the match against brendan rodgers ' team was the biggest of his career . the belgian striker said his side must continue to stretch their lead over the drop zone .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at the emirates on saturday . olivier giroud wants arsenal to continue their premier league winning streak and challenge for the title . the win was arsenal 's eighth in a row , their best run since the invincibles team in 2004 .
sunderland host sunderland in the premier league on saturday . the two sides have been dealt a reasonable hand but can they capitalise . hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in ? dick advocaat 's side are seven points behind leaders crystal palace .
leicester beat west bromwich albion 1-0 at the hawthorns on saturday . jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of premier league survival . leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months , cemented to the bottom of the table since november .
arsenal beat west bromwich albion 3-2 at the hawthorns on saturday . jamie vardy scored an late winner against the hammers . nigel pearson believes premier league survival is still in his side 's hands . leicester have a game in hand over their survival rivals .
jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of barclays premier league survival . leicester secured their second consecutive premier league win to bring safety into view for the first time in a long time . vardy struck past west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill during the closing stages of the premier league encounter .
qpr are unlikely to face disciplinary action over the incident . branislav ivanovic struck on the head by a cigarette lighter thrown from a section of home supporters at loftus road . qpr will seek observations from each club and will ensure that qpr and the police are taking the necessary steps to identify the culprit .
chris ramsey watched his side hold off chelsea for 88 minutes . the qpr boss turned away from the pitch to crouch down . ramsey then witnessed cesc fabregas ' late winner and the devastation was too much for the hoops fans , who saw their side keep their west london rivals at bay until the last-gasp goal .
daniel wass is available for around # 3.5 million and has been watched by chelsea , liverpool and newcastle over the past year . stoke scouts have also been monitoring sporting lisbon pair islam slimani and andre carrillo . click here for all the latest stoke city news .
marko arnautovic scored a 95th minute equaliser at west ham united . the hammers had been on track for their first back-to-back home wins in almost four months . aaron cresswell had given the home side an early lead at upton park but they left with a deserved point .
dick advocaat has refused to rule out staying at sunderland beyond the end of this season . the 67-year-old celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over newcastle last weekend . the black cats boss has signed a nine-game deal with the club .
the annual showpiece will take place at dick 's sporting goods park , the home of the colorado rapids , on july 29 in what is the 20th edition of the all star match . the fixture will be the only pre-season fixture that tottenham will play outside of europe and head coach mauricio pochettino is looking forward to returning to the us .
greg dyke has vowed there will be no repeat of the fa 's failure to deliver potentially life-saving research into links between concussion and early on-set dementia . baggies striker saido berahino wore astle 's no 9 shirt during the premier league match at the hawthorns .
west ham have seen their title defence left in tatters following a run of four defeats in six matches . cheikhou kouyate is wary of facing champions manchester city on sunday . city midfielder yaya toure and his team-mates suffered a 4-2 defeat at old trafford last week .
carlton cole attended a football fighting ebola event with nathaniel clyne on sunday . cole 's contract expires at the end of the season and is unsure if he 'll be offered a new deal . the 31-year-old striker admits he is making contingency plans in case his hammers career comes to an end this summer .
lionel messi wants celtic to play in the champions league next season . the scottish giants failed to qualify for europe 's elite club competition this campaign after losing 2-1 on aggregate to maribor in august . messi has played three times in europe during his career .
celtic could win the scottish premiership title against aberdeen on may 10 . the parkhead side face kilmarnockat parkhead on wednesday night with the chance to go eight points clear . winning their subsequent games could see ronny deila 's team win their fourth successive championship in the north east .
marius zaliukas scored his side 's equalising goal in the 1-1 draw with livingston . the spfl found itself at the centre of a furious row on wednesday . hibs hit out at the change , claiming it would place the league 's sporting integrity at risk as they jostled with rangers for the play-off slots .
rangers dropped two points at championship bottom side livingston . marius zaliukas raced up the park to restore parity with a clever back-header two minutes later . stuart mccall was left ruing the explosive impact of myles hippolyte despite his ibrox side nudging one point clear of hibs in second place .
barcelona beat psg 3-1 in the champions league quarter-final . neymar and luis suarez scored in the 67th minute . barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 champions league matches since 1992 . bayern munich are way out on top in the club scoring charts .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in their champions league quarter-final first leg on wednesday . luis suarez scored his second goal of the night as barcelona go 3-0 ahead . l'equipe is damning of psg 's performance after their first-leg loss .
mario mandzukic denies claims that real madrid defender daniel carvajal bit him during tuesday 's champions league quarter-final tie at the vicente calderon stadium . the atletico madrid striker fell to ground after tussling with the real defender . the referee was not looking at the incident as the real player denied the claims .
swansea city host everton at liberty stadium -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . angel rangel is in line for his first swansea start for over two months . jefferson montero could make the bench after suffering a hamstring injury last month . romelu lukaku is a major doubt for everton 's trip to the swans .
everton host southampton at goodison park -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . romelu lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem . darron gibson is a doubt but kevin mirallas and steven pienaar are back in contention .
matt taylor could make his return from a seven-and-a-half month achilles injury lay-off against arsenal . dean marney and kevin long remain on the long-term absentee list . ross wallace and steven reid could return for the barclays premier league contest .
raheem sterling has escaped a club punishment after being caught on video inhaling the legal high nitrous oxide . sterling , 20 , and ibe , 19 , were pictured during what is believed to be a visit to a shisha cafe in london earlier this season . ibe was driving a black range rover while sterling arrived in a white version of the same model .
raheem sterling is expected to meet liverpool manager brendan rodgers on thursday . rodgers questioned sterling 's professionalism on monday . footage emerged of the 20-year-old unconscious in his house in southport having taken nitrous oxide with two unnamed friends . sterling enraged liverpool after saying he was ` flattered ' to be linked with arsenal .
sir bradley wiggins will bid for cycling 's hour record on june 7 . the four-time olympic champion will attempt to add to his accomplishments by riding the furthest distance in 60 minutes at the lee valley velopark . wiggins finished his team sky career in the paris-roubaix 253.5 km one-day race on sunday .
matt prior 's one pro cycling team has been confirmed in the list of entrants for the inaugural tour de yorkshire . the former england wicketkeeper is a long-time cycling fan who was mocked by kevin pietersen last summer for taking his bike with him on a tour of new zealand .
bradley wiggins is quitting the team in order to ride for his own squad . the 2012 tour de france winner wanted to sign off from what he called a ` golden era ' with a win in one of the sport 's most prestigious races . wiggins did his best , breaking away with 32 kilometres left to shake things up at the head of the peloton .
sam bennett was involved in a mass pile-up in the final kilometre of the scheldeprijs one day classic . the 24-year-old suffered severe cuts on his back and shoulders . he took to instagram after the race to upload pictures from his hospital bed . team sky riders bradley wiggins and geraint thomas were both involved in the race but managed to avoid the crash .
george bailey has signed a deal to take over from mahela jayawardene . australia batsman will also be available in the royal london cup . bailey , 32 , will be sussex 's overseas player for their first seven blast group fixtures this summer .
manchester united and chelsea will be taking part in the international champions cup in the us this summer . the likes of diego costa , john terry and gary cahill will be representing chelill in north america . the tournament is set to be played between july 11 and august 5 .
valencia beat atletico madrid 3-0 at home to levante on monday . paco alcacer nodded valencia in front from a dani parejo centre . lucas orban crossed for sofiane feghouli to head a second for the home side .
inter milan are set to turn to lucas leiva and alex song if their pursuit of stevan jovetic and yaya toure fails . inter sporting director piero ausilio told sky italia : ` dreams are beautiful , i 'm trying to prepare something and i hope my dreams come true . ' . the premier league champions rejected several bids from inter last summer .
alberto bueno is the highest-scoring spanish-national in la liga . he has scored 17 goals for rayo vallecano this season . bueno played for derby on loan five years ago . he could soon move to porto with one of the lowest budgets in spanish football he has had the season of his life .
liverpool host aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . daniel sturridge was left out of the squad entirely for monday night 's barclays premier league clash at anfield . brendan rodgers said his star striker will have his fitness monitored .
real madrid beat eibar and sevilla 3-0 at the stadio ennio tardini . cristiano ronaldo inspired carlo ancelotti 's side to a comfortable win . gerard pique was quoted saying : ` i 'm sure we 'll win the league ' .
lionel messi opened the scoring for sevilla with a header . claudio bravo and gerard pique both started in the second half . barcelona travelled to andalusia to face granada and left a beaten side . but enrique 's team will need to right themselves quickly ahead of testing fortnight .
dirk kuyt signed a one-year contract with feyenoord , who are currently third in the top-flight eredivisie , but said his stay will likely be longer . the 34-year-old retired from international football in october after finishing third with the netherlands at last year 's world cup . he also was part of the team that finished second in south africa , losing to spain in the final .
utrecht drew 1-1 with ajax at the stadion galgenwaard on sunday . edouard duplan had no idea he had been substituted midway through the first-half . the referee blew on 24 minutes amid confusion utrecht had an extra man on the pitch and marched over to duplan .
chelsea are in early discussions over a possible partnership with royal mouscron-peruwelz . the belgian club have been in the top flight for a season since winning promotion via the play-offs last summer . chelsea already have an agreement with vitesse arnhem in holland .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 at turf moor in the premier league on saturday . aaron ramsey opened the scoring for the gunners in the 12th minute . arsene wenger 's side have now won at sunderland , newcastle , manchester city and now burnley .
jordan spieth leads charley hoffman by five strokes , matching the largest halfway lead in masters history . the exuberance of youth was kicking in . spieth missed . for the first time around augusta , he made a mild mis-step . he wheeled away , hopped a little , almost coltish in his frustration .
dustin johnson is the first man ever to have three eagles in one round . the 21-year-old beat the old mark of 13 under set by ray floyd way back in 1976 . johnson will start the third round seven behind his fellow american charley hoffman .
derry mathews will go head-to-head with ismael barroso for the interim wba world title after richar abril pulled out of their april 18 date . abril was initially forced to withdraw from his title defence against mathews in march after coming down with dengue fever from a mosquito bite . mathews expressed his disappointment at losing out on a title shot with abril .
josh warrington will be accompanied into the ring by vinnie jones on saturday . the featherweight is quickly becoming one of britain 's best-supported fighters and will have his eye on a world title in the next 12 months . sportsmail looks at some of the other celebrities that have added some sparkle to ring walks .
manny pacquiao took to instagram to thank spike lee and tito mikey for visiting him at the gym . the 36-year-old is gearing up for his $ 300million welterweight showdown with floyd mayweather on may 2 . the duo are just the latest to show their support for the ` pac-man ' .
danny garcia will fight lamont peterson in a non-title fight on saturday . the puerto rican-born fighter has a 29-0 -lrb- 17 kos -rrb- record . the 27-year-old defeated amir khan in four rounds in 2012 .
andy murray and and andy murray met when the pair were teenagers during the us open in 2005 . murray was playing in only his second grand slam tournament , while sears was travelling with her tennis coach father nigel . the couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and after having to field constant questions over the years on when he would propose .
american television network showtime has released a short promotional video from within the mayweather camp . mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight . the undefeated american looks focused as he takes a breather after a workout .
xabi alonso is the second player to win european football 's top trophy . the champions league first leg quarter-final is the next step in his quest to win the title with three clubs . seedorf won the title in his first season at liverpool when he scored the decisive equaliser in 2005 .
karim benzema believes real madrid are capable of retaining the champions league due to their undoubted quality . the la liga giants won their 10th european cup last season . benzema 's club team-mate james rodriguez has recently returned to full fitness following a foot injury .
diego simeone took atletico madrid to the title last season . the 44-year-old leads atletico into the champions league quarter-final . he has turned atletico around since joining in december 2011 . the argentinian manager has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players since joining atletico .
real madrid host atletico madrid in their champions league quarter-final first leg on tuesday . carlo ancelotti has hailed diego simeone as one of the best coaches in the world . the italian boss has a fully fit squad to choose from ahead of the clash .
monaco coach leonardo jardim has reignited his feud with arsene wenger by claiming champions league quarter-final opponents juventus are by far the better team . arsenal have won their last eight games in the barclays premier league . there appears to be a growing feeling in the game that they could mount a title challenge next season .
carlos tevez has scored six champions league goals this season . the italian side are aiming to beat monaco on tuesday . massimiliano allegri is hoping to end 19 years of champions league hurt by taking juventus to glory . click here for all the latest juventus news .
english referee mark clattenburg will take charge of paris saint-germain vs barcelona on wednesday night . he will be assisted by five other englishmen , and will be assistants simon beck and jake collin , additional assistants anthony taylor and andre marriner . the all-english officials team at the parc des princes will be not selected for this round of fixtures .
massimiliano allegri is expecting a ` boring ' match against monaco . the juventus squad look relaxed as they are put through their paces . monaco have conceded only four goals in eight games on their way to the quarter-finals . andrea pirlo has returned to training after a calf injury .
carlos tevez says it is harder to score goals in serie a than england . the argentine has scored 36 goals in the italian top flight since leaving england for juventus in 2013 . the striker says his task is now ` much more difficult than in england ' .
jose mauri scored the only goal of the game as crisis-hit club parma beat juventus 1-0 on saturday . parma were declared bankrupt last month and the players have not been paid all season . juventus has a 14-point lead over roma , which visits torino on sunday .
nicky law has emerged as a # 500,000 target for a trio of english championship clubs . brighton , birmingham and reading are showing the strongest interest in a player who also the target of january interest from neil lennon and huddersfield town . law scored twice against raith rovers on sunday .
bournemouth move four points clear at the top of the championship with a win against brighton . yann kermorgant hit a wonderful 25-yard free-kick which wrong-footed brighton goalkeeper david stockdale flew into the left of goal . callum wilson extended their lead by running on to greg halford before finishing in the 81st minute .
blackburn were eliminated from the competition on wednesday night . brendan rodgers ' liverpool booked a semi-final date at wembley . it ended a memorable fa cup journey for rovers that had included resounding home victories over barclays premier league sides swansea and stoke in previous rounds .
barcelona beat psg 3-1 in european competition on wednesday night . luis suarez scored his first of the night after beating three psg defenders before firing the ball past goalkeeper salvatore sirigu . suarez 's strike partner lionel messi shared an image of the duo together inside the parc des princes dressing room .
pep guardiola is n't alone responsible for the decline of the premier league in europe ; nor is it really down to st andrews , though the iconic town with its genteel ambience played its part in continental europe overhauling the english clubs . bayern munich take on porto on wednesday night and even though they are contending with an injury crisis which leaves them without bastian schweinsteiger , franck ribery and arjen rob
steve clarke has instructed his players to approach this weekend 's semi-final like any other day at work . reading overcame league one side bradford with a 3-0 replay win to progress to fa cup semi-finals . the royals face premier league giants arsenal in crunch clash on saturday .
jurgen klopp has told borussia dortmund he wants to leave this summer . the 47-year-old manager believes he has taken the bundesliga club as far as he can and wants a new challenge after a year off . dortmund have called a press conference for wednesday at 12.30 pm .
steven gerrard and phil jagielka stood shoulder-to-shoulder and paid a poignant tribute by releasing 96 red balloons . liverpool manager brendan rodgers , chief executive ian ayre and the entire liverpool squad attended , along with a host of former players including kenny dalglish , ian rush , phil thompson , robbie fowler , john aldridge and jamie carragher .
stephen dodd posted photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying . club authorities say they will ` take appropriate action ' against the fan . dodd tried to defend himself by saying he was a long-standing fan of liverpool . liverpool fc have now passed on the case to the club to investigate .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-0 in their champions league clash . luis suarez has scored 10 in his last 11 games for barcelona . the former liverpool forward has hit the high notes at the right time . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
emir spahic was substituted in the 90th minute with an ankle injury . bayer leverkusen lost 5-3 on penalties after 120 goalless minutes . but amateur footage from after the game shows the bosnian defender involved in an altercation with stewards . the incident has been referred to the public prosecutor in cologne .
police say they have no objections to the late afternoon kick-off for sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford . both sides are challenging for a top-four spot in the premier league . chief superintendent john o'hare says the decision is down to good behaviour from supporters of each side .
paris saint-germain beat saint-etienne 4-1 to reach the french cup final . zlatan ibrahimovic took his psg career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago . psg are also bidding to become the first french side to lift all three domestic trophies in a single season .
philippe coutinho scored the decisive goal for liverpool with 20 minutes to play in their quarter-final replay at ewood park . jordan henderson , kolo toure and joe allen celebrate after liverpool secured their place in the fa cup semi-finals . blackburn goalkeeper simon eastwood almost scored a dramatic late equaliser when he went up for a stoppage-time corner .
raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe in the past few days . the pictures of sterling will be a concern to clubs considering parting with # 40million to sign the star . luis suarez secured a move to barcelona despite being involved in a number of incidents on the pitch .
manor driver will stevens is hoping to compete in the chinese grand prix . the 23-year-old has yet to turn a wheel in anger for his new team . manor have naturally had their teething problems since being rescued from administration , notably in melbourne where roberto merhi failed to make it out on track .
justin carney will be sidelined for up to two months after being told he needs elbow surgery . the australian winger dislocated his elbow in the tigers ' 25-4 win over hull kr last saturday but did not suffer a break as first feared . carney is expected to take carney 's place against widnes on sunday .
british taekwondo fighter aaron cook has confirmed he plans to compete for moldova at the 2016 olympics in rio . dorset-born cook applied for citizenship after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici and has now received his passport from the small eastern european state .
the wasps no 8 was initially suspended for three matches . but a disciplinary panel ruled he had been ` reckless ' for failing to prevent his knee colliding with the head of the welsh lion . hughes was shown a red card for the offence , but that dismissal has been officially rescinded .
carl hayman has admitted toulon ` have a lot of work to do ' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive european title . toulon captain hayman admitted bernard laporte 's men were underwhelmed by their performance levels in sunday 's 32-18 quarter-final victory over wasps . the cote d'azur outfit had frederic michalak 's unerring boot and ali williams ' late try to thank for
dai young 's side became the third of four english challengers to be dispatched from europe 's premier event over a punishing weekend . wasps ' ashley johnson attempts to bust through the wall-like defence of european champions toulon . new zealander williams rises to celebrate his try which came minutes after he should have been sin-binned .
michael phelps will compete at the arena pro swim series event in mesa , arizona , from april 15-18 . phelps was suspended by usa swimming in september when police caught him travelling at 84mph in a 45mph zone in baltimore , maryland . the 29-year-old is the most decorated olympian in history with 22 medals .
milinda gunasekera was flying home from a holiday in chile on october 29 . he was changing flights at auckland airport for the final leg of his trip . after downing a bottle of vodka in the airport toilets his plans to get home soon went awry . the west australian resident was originally accused of indecent assault and threatening to kill - offences carrying a maximum of seven years in jail .
william ` frankie ' dugan , 29 , and 32-year-old valerie ojo were charged in march after they allegedly committed forcible sodomy , incest and exploitation against two children , aged 5 and 6 . police fear that there were other victims , aged between four and 21 years old .
caroline wozniacki was spotted taking in a game of basketball in indiana on monday alongside nfl star j.j. watt . the game between the duke blue devils and the university of wisconsin 's badgers took place at the lucas oil stadium in the city . watt wore his sports sweater with pride but will have been left disappointed as the badgers lost 68-63 .
world no 5 caroline wozniacki was invited to the white house on monday . the danish ace participated in this year 's themed #gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people . the event was broadcast on the popular talk show live ! with kelly and michael .
chris lane , 22 , was shot in the back with a .22 calibre handgun in duncan , oklahoma , in august 2013 . his parents , donna and peter lane , listened to the frantic seven-minute 911 call made by witnesses who tried to save lane 's life . chancey luna , 17 , was charged with first-degree murder .
pablo osvaldo thinks andrea pirlo and francisco totti should move to boca . the 29-year-old moved to his current side on a loan deal from southampton . totti is a roma legend and feels he would be just as loved if he moved to argentina .
the incident occurred at ben gurion international airport in israel . officials are investigating how and why a fire broke out on a passenger jet moments before take off . six people on board were forced to jump onto the runway to escape the flames on board . the fire engine is shown racing to the scene after the passengers leapt onto the tarmac .
robin van persie will not return to the fray for manchester united against manchester city on sunday . louis van gaal wants his side to move towards that target by taking all three points against city . the united boss wants to win because it 's a big step up the table .
manchester city host manchester city at old trafford on april 1 . manuel pellegrini 's side have hit form at the right time this season . manchester united and man city have a composite xi ahead of the derby . click here for all the latest manchesterchester united news .
manchester derby on sunday still holds great significance for both clubs . city have won the last four contests between the sides , as well as the previous three at old trafford . the word is the chilean 's future will be decided come may when the dust on a creaking season has settled .
manchester united host manchester city at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal believes man city will not be as defensive-minded . manchester united are currently one point ahead of man city in the premier league . click here for all the latest manchester derby news , 2015 .
manuel pellegrini says he is not impressed by manchester united 's rise up the table . manchester city have lost five of their last seven games in all competitions and have not won away since mid-february . the manchester boss feels that a manager of louis van gaal 's quality should be expected to do well with such a squad .
wayne rooney has been returned to his preferred position up front . the 29-year-old had previously been deployed in midfield this season . united lost their next game at swansea but have subsequently won their next five in the league , with rooney scoring four times . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
dick advocaat says jermain defoe 's wonder goal has set sunderland on their way to premier league survival . newcastle goalkeeper tim krul waited in the tunnel for defoe at half-time , seconds after he had smashed the stunning 20-yard volley . carragher was backed up by his ex-liverpool team-mate danny murphy .
sunderland beat newcastle 1-0 in the wear-tyne derby on sunday . jermain defoe scored just twice for struggling sunderland since arriving on # 80,000-per-week wages in january . the former fc toronto striker believes his stunning volley against newcastle has proven his worth .
jermain defoe smashed home a missile of a left-footed volley . sunderland beat newcastle 1-0 at the stadium of light on sunday . defoe will have good reason to remember it long after he has finally hung up his boots . the 32-year-old said : ' i remember a long ball , and fletch was unbelievable ' .
head coach john carver admits he was 'em barrassed ' by newcastle 's capitulation at sunderland after seeing his side slip to a fifth successive derby defeat . the magpies were desperately poor before the break and only marginally better after it to leave geordie carver red-faced . carver admitted newcastle were second best in every department during a fifth straight derby defeat at the stadium of light .
jermain defoe opened the scoring for sunderland with a left-footed volley . the 32-year-old doubled the lead shortly after the half-time whistle was blown by mike dean . newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was unable to do anything about defoe 's 45th-minute strike .
the boy had to have more than half of his teeth removed due to a diet high in sugar , which had caused tooth decay . details emerged about the ruling at a family court hearing in reading , berkshire , by judge eleanor owens . the judge said the boy 's parents , who are latvian , had accepted that their son had suffered from ` poor dental hygiene ' .
pekingese marley and mitzy had been left to play in the front garden . but they were snatched when the couple were n't looking . neighbours believe they have captured the culprit on cctv . the couple are now offering a # 1,000 reward for information leading to their safe return .
survey led to calls for a campaign to stem sexist or threatening behaviour on buses and trains . every woman surveyed in paris claimed to have been a victim of some kind of sexual harassment on the city 's public transport . half of those interviewed said they had first suffered harassment under the age of 18 .
lady sasima srivikorn is in her 70s with an endearing laugh and a royal blue scarf she has knitted especially for saturday 's fa cup semi-final against arsenal . like 73-year-old madejski , she has been a singer and composer who wrote the theme song for the asian games .
liverpool striker mario balotelli has been the subject of thousands of racists posts on social media this season . anti-discrimination body kick it out revealed on thursday night that italy international had been subjected to more than 4,000 racist messages . liverpool team-mate daniel sturridge and arsenal striker danny welbeck have also received more than a thousand discriminatory messages .
adam peaty has broken the men 's 100m breast stroke world record . the 20-year-old from uttoxeter 's gold-winning time beat the previous record of 58.46 set by south african cameron van der burgh in the same venue at the 2012 olympics .
dion dublin joined regular hosts martin roberts and lucy alexander for the popular property renovation series as he looked to help a brother and sister-in-law put some life into a three bedroom semi-detached house in dartford . the presenters meet the buyers and make suggestions on how best to improve the property .
manchester united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal faces a number of selection dilemmas ahead of the game . the united squad were pictured travelling down to london on friday . the red devils are currently third in the premier league table .
manchester united face chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . wayne rooney could be dropped further back into midfield against united . michael carrick , daley blind , phil jones and marcos rojo will miss the much-anticipated clash at old trafford through injury .
frank knight , a lifelong supporter of the seasiders , was ordered to make a public apology after posting a disparaging status on his facebook page this time last year . knight currently has 34 friends on his private account and this is the third instance in a matter of months whereby a fan of the club has settled before court proceedings .
shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool in sunday 's fa cup semi-final at wembley . the 38-year-old has played in all four of villa 's matches this season . villa manager tim sherwood said there would be no such turnaround this year .
luke shaw thought he had done ok against arsenal in the fa cup . the score was 1-1 and shaw , returning to the team for the first time since united 's defeat at swansea city in february . louis van gaal substituted the # 28million defender , telling shaw that he was not fit enough to play for united .
inter milan sporting director piero ausilio has admitted being left feeling ` sad ' . the brazil playmaker arrived at anfield for just # 8.5 million in 2013 . coutinho made his inter milan debut at 18 , but was underused at the san siro .
newport county striker chris zebroski has been jailed for four years and four months . the 28-year-old played for the league two side as recently as tuesday . the former cheltenham , bristol rovers and millwall player crashed his bmw into a taxi in december .
john carver says he is enjoying the task of trying to turn newcastle 's season around . the 50-year-old has suffered a torrid time since replacing alan pardew as head coach at st james ' park . newcastle have won just two games under carver and fans are desperate for him not to be named manager .
aaron ramsey has told his english team-mates at arsenal to beware wales overtaking them in the fifa rankings . wales climbed to 22 , their highest-ever position in football 's world order , in the april rankings to move within eight places of england . chris coleman 's side are unbeaten in euro 2016 qualifying .
danny mcguire crossed for one of his side 's seven tries against st helens . the 19-year-old handley got his big chance due to an injury to tom briscoe and how he has seized it . leeds have now played every other team in super league .
warning : graphic content . ramiul sheikh , 50 , was violently knocked to the ground after desperately trying to outrun the animal in the murshidabad district of the country . he scrambles to his feet and survives a second charge from the angry elephant - narrowly escaping being crushed to death by the five-ton mammal .
mesut ozil joined arsenal from arsenal in the summer of 2013 . the german star says he is now back to his best since joining the gunners . ozil said 10 years of playing football had taken their toll . the 26-year-old says he has come to terms with the premier league .
the pilot declared an emergency , but the plane crashed shortly after . the reason for the crash is not yet known . four people died in the tragic incident on sunday . the main cockpit of the vessel is still there , as well as the other adjacent wings and so forth , they are within a remote area .
martin fletcher claims the fire was not an accident and has revealed a sequence of other blazes at businesses owned by or associated with stafford heginbotham . west yorkshire police today said they would review any fresh evidence surrounding the tragedy . fletcher spent 15 years researching the disaster in which his brother andrew , 11 , his uncle peter , 32 , and his grandfather eddie , 63 , were all killed .
the fire began around 11:30 a.m. sunday on tupper street in downtown buffalo , wgrz reported . police evacuated two buildings as smoke came out of manholes . a buffalo fire department official has said the second of three explosions sent one of the manhole covers 200 to 300 feet into the air .
the jury that sentenced aaron hernandez to life on wednesday want the world to know that they gave the ex-new england patriots star a fair trial . on thursday , the jury and alternate jurors say down with cnn 's anderson cooper to talk about the trial that has consumed their lives for the past three months . on the other side of the spectrum is juror kelly dorsey - a lifelong patriots fan , who watches the team every sunday
black cat rademenes is the resident feline nurse at an animal shelter in bydgoszcz , northern poland . the green-eyed moggy was rescued by the shelter in october after he contracted an inflamed respiratory tract infection . his owner thought he was too unwell to be saved .
the statue , which stands in a gardens in wuhan , china , is to honour yu the great , who founded china 's first dynasty in 2070 bc . over the decade that the statue has been in place , people have been touching the hand of yu 's back , and wife 's exposed breast . while the rest of the statue is black , the colour of the coating applied to protect the metal .
seaworld has released an almost five-year-old video that shows john hargrove using the n-word seven times while talking on the phone with a female friend . the recorded cell phone conversation , which the company released to reporters , discusses an incident in which five black men allegedly threw a rock at the woman speaking on the other line that she said hit the back of her head . in the five-minute video , the company says seaworld is mounting a smear campaign against him in
the video maker holds up two plastic cups and a marker pen . drawn on the inside cup is a head and a torso and pictured on the outside cup are a selection of haircuts . settling on the afro , the man then stacks a third cup , which has a number of outfits drawn on it .
the dog named stains had its coat trimmed to resemble a lion . owners sent the dog to the groomers to get a trim . according to the dog 's owner , stains is a sheep-herding breed and his thick coat had become uncomfortable in the recent sunshine . the dog boasts a voluminous mane around its head and neck .
brian the lar gibbon was videoed by amanda dorman from south lanarkshire , scotland , who captured the critter 's creepy walk on a visit to the lake district wildlife park . it was then shared over 130,000 times before the lad bible page picked it up and added the caption : ` running across the landing naked when you forget your towel ' .
grandparents have pleaded for the safe return to australia of two young children whose mother took them from melbourne to the islamic state capital in syria . dullel kassab , 28 , fled to raqqa with her children last year , and regularly boasts on twitter that her daughter and two-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds . the children 's paternal grandparents say they are worried she is ` brainwashing ' the children , after their father
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats . but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix . let 's hope the two children she lives with do n't follow her lead and they learn to love their greens .
kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pak performing a skillful trick . keeping her eyes fixed on the toy , she then proceeds to lift it into the air being careful not to drop it . after freezing still for several seconds , pakakak lowers the ball slowly down .
aaron ramsey has scored 25 goals for arsenal since the start of last season . his last one -- the only goal of the game at burnley -- meant the world , because it was for someone special . his grandmother would have been proud of aaron as he took time out from preparations for today 's fa cup semi-final against reading to pay his tribute to her .
olympic gold medallist jessica ennis-hill has confirmed she will return to competition in london this july . the 29-year-old has not competed since the same event in 2013 and gave birth to her son last summer . the sheffield-born star will compete in the sainsbury 's anniversary games .
the 14-year-old is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht 's youth set-up . the belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies . he has continued to impress and city have held discussions with roger vanden stock in the hope of agreeing a compensation package .
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr . the 25-year-old had a spell with inverness caledonian thistle in 2011 . the former austria u21 international is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids . click here for more transfer news .
roland giroux gently cups the fish with his hand from within side the tank and then treats it to a massage . the fish initially moves away before swimming in a full circle and returning to rest in between the man 's fingers . later in the video the fish interacts further with the man by swimming up his arm and circling his fingers .
aaron galloway , 23 , was on a half-term city break to prague when he left his expensive slr camera on the seat . ground crew phoned the flight attendants within minutes but cabin crew said there was no sign of the # 499 nikon . he messaged seller fernando miguel andrade viseu , who confessed to the theft - and admitted being a ryanair flight attendant .
manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a # 24million deal for alvaro negredo . negredo joined valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the mestalla . city are adamant that the deal will go through as planned .
mauricio pochettino says another campaign in the europa league will hamper tottenham 's top four hopes . spurs ' chances of qualifying for next season 's champions league look over following poor results against burnley and aston villa . the white hart lane club could yet secure another season in the competition .
jon flanagan will speak to liverpool about a new contract in the summer . the 22-year-old has become something of a forgotten man with a knee injury . liverpool boss brendan rodgers is a big fan of the liverpudlian . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
rory mcilroy did his level best to repair the damage of a tentative opening 27 holes by shooting 31 for the back nine on friday . the world no 1 finished strongly , but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader jordan spieth for the green jacket . the 21-year-old is yet to win the masters but his birdie at the last gave him a final round of 66 and elevated him into a fourth-place finish .
maria sharapova has been forced to pull out of russia 's fed cup semi-final with a leg inury . the russian tennis federation said on tuesday she would have had the opportunity to play in the city where she grew up . the 27-year-old 's last appearance was in the miami open at the end of march .
sania mirza beat casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0 , 6-4 in just 57 minutes , to achieve the top ranking milestone . the 28-year-old won her third successive doubles title with hingis . mirza had once been tipped for success as a singles player after she became the first indian to win a wta singles title in 2005 .
angelique kerber beat madison keys 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 in the family circle cup . the german broke serve five times against an opponent who had n't lost serve all week . kerber had defeated friend , countrywoman andrea petkovic in the semifinals .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix on sunday . mercedes boss toto wolff is confident the matter has been laid to rest after rosberg bemoaned hamilton 's ` selfish ' tactics following their one-two finish at the shanghai international circuit .
tomas wolff says nico rosberg and lewis hamilton will have to deal with some ` unpopular calls ' for their drivers in light of ferrari 's revival this season . the british driver won the chinese grand prix but has come under fire from his mercedes team-mate .
lewis hamilton beat nico rosberg to win his first world championship title . mika hakkinen claims mercedes team-mate hamilton deliberately compromising his race at last weekend 's chinese grand prix by slowing down . hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in china .
lewis hamilton insists he is ready for nico rosberg 's tactics . mercedes top brass toto wolff and niki lauda insist hamilton was not at fault , with the eventual one-two the best result for the team . hamilton beat mercedes colleague to win the chinese grand prix .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg barely exchanged a word in the first-class cabin of their emirates flight to dubai , en route to the next race in bahrain . hamilton was particularly strident saying that the difference is that he is a ` racer ' . the pair have both had their say on sunday 's chinese grand prix .
tom varndell helped himself to a hat-trick against london welsh . wasps won away from home in the aviva premiership for the first time in 2015 . ahead of the trip to the kassam stadium , wasps ' hunt for an automatic european rugby champions cup spot next season .
great britain 's medal hopes at the 2016 olympics have taken a hit . aaron cook has had his citizenship change ratified after the breakdown of his relationship with the british olympic association . cook has said he felt he had no other option due to a lack of funding and support from gb .
michael phelps is aiming to compete in a fifth olympics next year in rio . the 18-time olympic champion wo n't swim in the world championships this summer . phelps had already qualified in three events before being banned from the last major international meet before the rio de janeiro .
nigel pearson has urged leicester to keep their cool and ignore their relegation rivals . the foxes host swansea on saturday just three points from safety in the barclays premier league . last week 's 3-2 win at west brom handed them a survival lifeline .
raheem sterling has been pictured smoking a shisha pipe with liverpool team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season . sportsmail details five other misbehaving stars involved in similar incidents away from the field . sterling was pictured smoking in a swimming pool in las vegas a year later .
celtic beat kilmarnock 4-1 in the scottish cup semi-final . darryl westlake 's wickedly deflected strike early in the second half had given the visitors a shock lead completely against the run of play . celtic had begun the night with a starting xi looking very much like the team deila might have been thinking about for hampden .
rangers have been fined # 5,500 by the scottish football association . the sports direct tycoon owns 9.82 per cent of the glasgow giants . he is prohibited from going over 10 per cent by an agreement struck with hampden chiefs designed to limit his power at ibrox .
real madrid 's kit will feature heavily in the european champions ' shirts for next year . the pink touches from this season 's shirts will also be dropped , in a return to classic real madrid jerseys . the big change will be the introduction of the fifa club world cup badge in the centre of the kit .
maria sharapova will play for russia against germany on april 18-19 . russia captain anastasia myskina has also picked svetlana kuznetsova , angelique kerber , sabine lisicki and julia goerges . four-time champions russia and two-time winners have met only twice in the fed cup since the collapse of the soviet union .
juan mata has collected his player of the month award for march from manchester united . mata scored both united 's goals against liverpool , including an acrobatic kick for the winner . louis van gaal 's side face aston villa in the premier league on saturday .
obama said he ` had to say hi ' to bolt when he became the first american president to visit the island since 1982 . when obama met bolt he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose ' . before striking bolt 's signature pose , obama praised him saying ` nobody 's ever been faster than this guy ' .
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays in the bahamas . the six-time olympic gold medallist will compete in the relay championship on may 2 and 3 as part of the jamaican team . bolt insists he always does ` his best to make his country proud ' .
michael phelps is entered in five events at this week 's arena pro swim series in mesa , arizona . the april 15-18 meet has attracted some of the top u.s. swimmers , including phelps ' chief rival ryan lochte . phelps has won 22 olympic medals , 18 golds , but was banned from swimming in september .
manchester united boss louis van gaal was stunned to find players could not train after dark at the swish complex on the outskirts of the city . he immediately ordered a raft of improvements including the installation of floodlights . united have had to persuade planning bosses that the development would not disturb the local bat population .
former manchester united goalkeeper edwin van der sar is convinced louis van gaal will bring the glory days back to old trafford . united head to chelsea on saturday in top form , having won six successive matches . the former goalkeeper admits the title is probably beyond united 's grasp this season .
andy murray marries his long-term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane . the world no 3 posted a hilarious series of ` emojis ' to his 2.98 million followers . murray 's friend and fellow tennis player jamie delgado also tweeted how the scot has been preparing for the big day .
emmanuel adebayor has been linked with a move away from tottenham . the togo international joined spurs from manchester city in 2011 . the 31-year-old insists he will fight for his place at white hart lane . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
tottenham will subsidise emmanuel adebayor 's # 100,000-per-week wages . the striker is out of favour at white hart lane , with both the player and manager mauricio pochettino happy for the hitman to leave once the transfer window re-opens . spurs are now willing to pay a percentage of his wages next season .
wolfsburg dominated but needed a second-half penalty from defender ricardo rodriguez to edge past fellow bundesliga club freiburg . wolfsburg join borussia dortmund in the final four after jurgen klopp 's side came from behind to beat hoffenheim .
andre schurrle scored his first goal for wolfsburg in the bundesliga on saturday . the former chelsea forward admits he was relieved to end his goal drought by scoring his first for the club . wolfsburg are seven points clear of borussia monchengladbach after saturday 's win .
luis suarez scored his second goal of the night as psg beat barcelona 3-1 . glenn hoddle believes luiz has always been a defensive liability . the brazilian was left with his head in his hands after allowing the uruguayan a clean run at goal .
chelsea host manchester united in the fa cup semi-final on saturday . oriol romeu is currently on loan at stuttgart . the midfielder predicts the scores for the weekend 's matches . click here for all the latest chelsea news , probable line ups and more .
bayern munich lost 3-1 to porto in the champions league quarter-final . thomas muller , manuel neuer and pep guardiola were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to bavaria . the defeat was the price the five-time european champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing .
ricardo quaresma scored beyond goalkeeper manuel neuer . portugal 's record opted for the pun ` fantasporto ' as their headline . jackson martinez saw porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday night .
pep guardiola saw his bayern munich side lose 3-1 to porto on wednesday . the manchester city boss has a year remaining on his contract in germany . guardiola is seen as a natural fit given his close relationship with two of man city 's executives .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick in the relegation battle with qpr . the belgium striker admitted he even surprised himself by finding the back of the net with the free kick . he has been rejuvenated under tim sherwood , scoring eight goals in his last six games .
kick it out has welcomed the successful prosecution of a supporter who racially abused jason brown . john wild , from wotton-under-edge in gloucestershire , was issued with a three-year banning order and ordered to carry out community service . brown , 32 , also criticised a number of bodies , including kick it out .
russian premier league team torpedo moscow must play two home games in an empty stadium after fans displayed a banner with a nazi symbol . torpedo supporters showed the flag during the club 's 3-1 win over arsenal tula on sunday . torpedo was fined a total of 900,000 rubles -lrb- # 11,000 -rrb- for various offenses including the nazi banner , the fighting , use of pyrotechnics by fans , and insulting chants .
milan 's under-10 team were allegedly subject to heckling and racist abuse during sunday 's 4-0 win over paris saint-germain in the universal cup . milan says it does ` not want to magnify the issue ' . there have been several high-profile incidents of racism in italian football .
kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad . agent adam wheatley , co-founder of the company with sir ian botham , insists that everything has been done in-house since the brief involvement of former sun editor david yelland .
jockey aidan coleman has received the call up for the ride that will finally help him banish his crabbie 's grand national blues at aintree on saturday . the 26-year-old rides well-backed the druids nephew , stepping in for broken leg victim barry geraghty on the neil mulholland-trained gelding .
wigan beat warrington 30-20 on his return from a six-month suspension . ben flower was given the honour of leading wigan 's victory song . the 27-year-old did enough to impress coach shaun wane on his first appearance since being sent off in the warriors ' grand final defeat by st helens last october .
wigan beat warrington 30-20 at the dw stadium on thursday night . dom manfredi scored a hat-trick for the second time in five days . wigan fans were delighted at half-time when the club announced the re-signing of tomkins on a four-year deal from new zealand warriors .
sam tomkins rejected an offer from warrington in order to return to wigan . the 2012 super league man of steel is to cut short his stay in the nrl with new zealand warriors . tomkins left wigan at the end of their 2013 grand final triumph , but retained first option to re-sign him in the event of him returning to super league .
manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent . tremmel has played second fiddle to michel vorm and then lukasz fabianski during his four years at swansea . england 's first-choice right-back at the world cup is still a regular for liverpool .
nigel pearson has revealed he has turned to former manager howard wilkinson to help leicester 's survival bid . the foxes have beaten west ham and west brom in their last two games . wilkinson had been a mentor for pearson before this season . the ex-england caretaker manager has spoken to wilkinson for advice .
former queens park rangers chairman gianni paladini has registered as a director of a new bradford city holding company . the italian has been searching for a way back into football since he left loftus road in 2011 . he has attempted to buy birmingham city from carson yeung .
jenna louise driscoll was due to face brisbane magistrates court on monday on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs , one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality . the 25-year-old returned home with an unidentified man and a dog last october and was remanded on bail to appear at the court last week . after her second fail to appear , police issued an arrest warrant .
gareth bale was verbally abused by supporters outside real madrid 's training ground and slaughtered by spanish media . the # 86million signing was singled out by those waiting for the players to leave the training base early on wednesday morning . it came almost a month after the world 's most expensive footballer 's white bentley was attacked by fans .
arsenal midfielder alex oxlade-chamberlain could miss the remainder of the season with a groin injury . arsene wenger hopes he could be back in full training by the end of next week . arsenal captain mikel arteta is also on the club 's injury list .
west ham striker diafra sakho limps off against stoke city . the 25-year-old was forced off after 59 minutes during their 1-1 draw at home . west ham claimed the senegal international could return ` before the end of the season ' on their official website .
sam allardyce 's contract at upton park expires at the end of the season . the west ham starting xi on saturday included six summer signings with carl jenkinson and alex song the only ones to have played in the premier league before . the hammers are unable to deal with the rigours of a full premier league season .
garry monk believes a strong finish will put a different slant on everton 's season . the spaniard scored twice for swansea in their 3-1 win over hull last weekend . martinez was lauded by everton fans last season as the club qualified for europe with a fifth-placed finish in the premier league .
garry monk will hold talks with michu before the end of the season . the spaniard has spent a frustrating season on loan at napoli . the 29-year-old scored 22 goals in his first season at swansea . click here for all the latest everton news .
nicola salerno has resigned from his role as leeds united 's sporting director . the 58-year-old italian 's departure comes six days after leeds ' assistant head coach steve thompson was suspended . cellino , banned from having any executive influence at elland road until may 4 due to a tax conviction in italy .
danny ings has scored just once in six games for burnley . the relegation-battling clarets have struggled for goals in recent weeks . sean dyche hopes the barren spell is not weighing too heavily on the 23-year-old 's mind and has urged him to focus on enjoying his game .
aston villa beat tottenham 1-0 at white hart lane on saturday . vlad chiriches bore the brunt of the home fans ' dismay against villa . christian benteke headed the winning goal for villa on the 35th minute . sherwood coud not resist a lively celebration when the final whistle confirmed the victory .
cristiano ronaldo scored his first free-kick in 57 attempts to send real madrid on their way to a 3-0 victory over eibar . it was his 38th league goal of the season and with manchester united loanee javier ` chicharito ' hernandez scoring a second this was another win that madrid had wrapped up . the 30-year-old had not scored a free kick since last march but when luka modric was fou
cristiano ronaldo is to give real madrid a timely boost after his yellow card against rayo vallecano . iker casillas , toni kroos , james rodriguez and gareth bale are all out of the clash with eibar . luis enrique welcomes back jordi alba , sergio busquets and neymar to boost their ranks .
fernando torres scored his first ever league own goal during atletico madrid 's 2-2 draw with malaga on saturday . the spanish striker inadvertently headed a corner at the near post over his own line to pull malaga back into the game before half-time . torres has scored just four goals for atletico since his return to the vicente calderon in january .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2-0 at the bernabeu on wednesday . cristiano ronaldo scored the 300th goal of his real madrid career against rayo . james rodriguez scored the winner for carlo ancelotti 's side .
alex s had all 19 of his teeth removed over four weeks in munich , germany . he was charged 2,000 euros -lrb- # 1,435 -rrb- and believed the series of operations would help him regain his vitality and also cure his schizophrenia . dentist said he helped the ` spiritual self-healing capabilities of his patients ' . but in court k said he pulled the teeth out because mr s , who lived in woods and only ate raw foods ,
peter moores said paul had been let go between sessions in the practice game against saint kitts . paul was a lovely guy and i feel sorry he 's lost his job but when you get new people in , changes always happen . strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart are all former england captains who would all bring their own experience and knowledge to the role .
jimmy anderson takes part in an england practice session on saturday . the lancastrian will do it remembering the times when it seemed he would become no more than a county bowler . anderson and the england players are put through their paces as they sprint up a hill .
moeen ali will join up with england ahead of their second test in the caribbean , starting in grenada on april 21 . he averaged 38 with a strike-rate of 105 -- one of the few glimmers of light in an otherwise benighted tournament for england . moeen was recently named one of wisden 's five cricketers of the year .
andrew strauss says kevin pietersen affair is a ` distraction ' for english cricket . the ecb and the england team 's efforts to move on from him have n't worked so far but by winning that will allow them to move forward . strauss 's views are as much from a cricketing point of view as a personal one .
thierry henry hailed francis coquelin for his midfield display in arsenal 's 1-0 win over burnley at turf moor . the former gunners striker labelled the 23-year-old ` columbo ' . henry described the display as ' a man of the match ' .
west ham drew 1-1 with stoke city at upton park on saturday . sam allardyce 's side remain in top 10 despite their late slip-up . marko arnautovic ruled out for offside and a header by substitute mame diouf hit the post .
michael owen sparked a debate between his colleagues on bt sport 's fletch and sav show on saturday . the former england striker said he did n't believe charlie adam 's strike was worthy of goal of the season . owen scored 163 career goals in 362 appearances for liverpool , real madrid , newcastle , manchester united and stoke .
manchester city host west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday . the premier league champions have lost four of their last five games . manuel pellegrini 's side have already talked to borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp two years ago when they were seeking to replace roberto mancini .
the disgraced espn sports reporter has been suspended for a week . footage emerged of her telling single mother-of-three gina michelle : ` i 'm on tv and you 're in a f -- ing trailer , honey ' . but just a month earlier she used similar language to berate an arkansas attorney and women 's rights campaigner on twitter .
deputy michael hubbard from the spartanburg county sheriff 's office is seen approaching the woman sitting on the i-26 on monday . when the officer asks what she is doing , she turns to him and says : ` just looking for my way out and being at peace ' . hubbard then puts his arms around her and then pulls her away from the drop .
officer jeffrey swett was allegedly run over by william bogard in january after the suspect stole his car while it was running . swett suffered two broken arms , a broken leg and severe head and neck trauma . bogard has pleaded not guilty after being charged with attempted murder , assault and vehicle theft .
the second-ranked girls defeated the women of the university of california - los angeles by a score of 4 - 3 for the win . then , in celebrating their big victory , they broke the trophy . usc now finishes the season 21 - 2 while ucla is 18 - 4 .
the band were on stage at the time when a group of men tried to force their way into the nightclub . three people died after a crush developed outside tsunami nightclub santiago . seven people are in a critical condition according to dr mario henriquez . several people have been arrested in connection with the tragedy .
stephen taylor went missing in solent after leaving lee-on-solent . 54-year-old experienced canoeist was in touch with partner michelle fuller . when he failed to return home late in evening she alrted police . coastguard helicopter , rescue teams and lifeboats were launched to search off hill head .
the creatures were found at blairgowrie pier but are fast on the move to their proper migration at rye pier in a few weeks time . spider crabs migrate once a year in the port phillip bay area in southern victoria , piling on top of each other to create a moving mound .
jacob polyakov cracked his head on the floor after plunging off the edge . his friend jamal maslow , who fell off the roof first , broke his coccyx . witnesses rushed over to the teenagers , both 17 , after the accident . mr polyakov said the problems started when the boys began to ` fool around ' .
bbc host arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . bbc presenter lineker prepares to present the match of the day 50th anniversary special broadcast . reading defender nathaniel chaloboah chases arsenal midfielder aaron ramsey . click here for all the latest gunners news .
juventus beat lazio 2-0 at the juventus stadium on saturday . carlos tevez scored his 26th goal of the season in all competitions . leonardo bonucci pushed juve 15 points clear of second place . sampdoria were held to an unlikely goalless draw by cesena .
guy mowbray 's commentary notes for liverpool 's league match against newcastle were posted ahead of kick-off . bbc commentator predicted cameron brannagan would make his first liverpool start . jordan ibe was an unused substitute in liverpool win at anfield .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix by spraying a hostess in the face with champagne . the hostess looks less than impressed as she is sprayed with champagne on the podium in shanghai . a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver as ` selfish and inconsiderate ' .
southampton defender nathaniel clyne has been told he is england 's first choice right-back by roy hodgson . the southampton defender is being tracked by manchester united and chelsea . he has started the euro 2016 qualifiers against slovenia and lithuania .
brendan rodgers has met with raheem sterling to remind him of his professional responsibilities at liverpool . sterling was critcised by rodgers after being caught on video inhaling nitrous oxide before pictures emerged of him holding a shisha pipe . the midfielder has once again not been fined after the liverpool boss spoke to him as well as ibe on thursday .
newcastle boss john carver is set to strip fabricio coloccini of the club captaincy this summer . the magpies have repeatedly been let down by those appointed to lead the team this year . janmaat will be given the honour during the summer with carver labelling him as ` outstanding ' .
wayne rooney has revealed that united 's game plan was to target city 's work-shy midfield . the manchester city captain said his team 's win at old trafford was based on identifying fundamental flaws in manuel pellegrini 's team . rooney said united fans were the loudest he 's ever heard them .
ashley young scored in sunday 's 4-2 derby victory over manchester united . the 29-year-old has revived his career under louis van gaal . young is now being touted for a return to the england set-up . click here for all the latest man united news .
tom ince scored two fantastic goals in front of his dad as derby twice came from behind to share the points in a 4-4 draw at huddersfield . former england midfielder paul was in the stands as the on-loan hull player scored two long-range efforts for the visitors . ince is currently on loan at derby from premier league side hull city and has been in fine form .
manchester city host west ham in the premier league on sunday . manuel pellegrini has admitted he has been disappointed by the midfielder 's level . city have taken just 18 points from the last available 39 . city will also face the hammers without captain vincent kompany .
vincent kompany could have been sent off for a challenge on daley blind . chilean boss manuel pellergini claims he is not concerned by the pressure over his position at the etihad . bundesliga managers jurgen klopp and pep guardiola have been linked with a move to city .
nico rosberg claims lewis hamilton has the mental edge over him . british driver won the chinese gp but came under fire for slowing on purpose of purpose to win the bahrain grand prix . mercedes team-mate damon hill said he had shot himself in the foot .
pep guardiola 's position at manchester city is under threat as they fight for fourth place in the premier league . manuel pellegrini had been seduced by barcelona 's football , the 14 titles that the club won during his four years in charge . marko marin , a # 7m capture from werder bremen , was another gamble .
gary neville believes louis van gaal 's greatest achievement as a football manager is the making of jose mourinho . the duo have been friends since they first worked together at barcelona in 1997 where they enjoyed a successful relationship at the camp nou . neville says he will be proud of his friend 's achievements .
the crew scoured a burning home in boise , idaho , searching for people shouting ` help ! ' and ` fire ! ' . both were pulled from the home and given oxygen . officials have yet to track down the birds ' owners . it is being investigated and no people were found inside .
youtube user elman511 cracked open the over-sized egg that was laid by one of his hens , exclaiming : ` the big egg has another normal egg in it ! ' . in the video , ` elman ' cracks the egg , which is double the size of a normal one , to find a standard-sized-size egg inside , along with yolk and white .
roma drew 1-1 at home to relegation-threatened atalanta in serie a . francesco totti gave roma the lead from the spot in the third minute . roma moved level with second-placed lazio on 58 points , 15 behind runaway leaders juventus . genoa lost 2-1 to sassuolo , hindering their chances of qualifying for europe .
jose callejon opened the scoring for rafa benitez side with a one-on-one finish before antonio balzano 's own-goal doubled napoli 's advantage . manolo gabbiadini grabbed a third goal for the partenopei just minutes after coming on to put the game well . the win leaves napoli in fourth place in serie a , three points clear of sampdoria in fifth .
real madrid striker karim benzema has been ruled out of his side 's la liga match against malaga . the frenchman limped out of training with a knee problem . benzema picked up the injury in tuesday 's 0-0 champions league quarter-final first leg draw at atletico madrid .
the boxes of passport applications piled up at in office in liverpool . ministers refused to give a blanket refund to desperate families . the problems began a year ago as hm passport office struggled to cope with 3.6 million britons applying for documents . by mid-june there were more than half a million passports stuck in the system .
eric carter , 21 , and stephanie mccassin , 24 , were arrested on warrants thursday , four months after the child 's grandmother and primary caretaker , mary macdonald , reported finding the child in the tub . macdonald told fox boston that she saw the parents in the bathroom with the boy but grew suspicious when the three became quiet in the room . the child was not hurt .
surveillance footage from philadelphia 's 15th street station shows one passenger lose his balance as he tries to skirt past somebody on the platform . but almost instantaneously , a man in an eagles jacket runs over and throws himself onto the tracks to save him . within a minute , transport officials arrived to deliver first aid to the men , who are expected to survive any injuries .
the airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30 pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors . passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon , he said . a qantas jet bound for perth has been forced to return to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air .
the month-old cubs , born march 11 , were captured on video sitting before press and public at leningrad zoo in saint petersburg . from the same litter , the two cubs -- one black , the other spotty -- are the fifth brood of mother and father agnes and rock .
a peckish goat named clyde balances on a donkey friend in a bid to reach some treetop treats . his horned head is then craned to the branches where he proceeds to nibble up leaves . the unlikely pair live at an animal rescue shelter in camp verde , arizona .
video footage captured by rumble user sean c shows bourbon the doberman enthusiastically licking a baby boy on the face and nose . at one point the baby lets out a little cough but overall , he does n't seem too bothered by what 's going on . other viewers have been less impressed by the scene .
gareth bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the bernabeu on saturday evening . the welsh forward will have further tests on the left calf muscle in the next 24 hours but the concern shown when he went down at the start of the game suggested his chances of recovering . he could also face a race to be fit for the champions league semi-final on may 5-6 .
daniel steele , 25 , was arrested at his home in raleigh , north carolina , not long after the shooting which occurred at approximately 9.40 pm on saturday . kimberly dianne richardson was rushed to hospital but died in the early hours of sunday . steele was taken into custody and has been charged with murder .
bmw has announced that 2005 to 2008 models of the mini cooper and cooper s will need to be recalled due to problems with the passenger detection system . to repair the problem , bmw will replace the detection mats in the affected models for free . the recall of the mats will begin may 1 .
manchester united target miranda has admitted he is ` proud ' to be linked with a move to louis van gaal 's side . the 30-year-old has started brazil 's last eight matches since narrowly missing out on a chance of representing his country at the 2014 world cup .
jordan henderson and jack wilshere are the surprise names on manchester city 's summer shopping list . the struggling barclays premier league champions know they need more english players in their starting line-up . city also maintain an interest in liverpool 's raheem sterling .
barcelona forward pedro has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week deal with liverpool . the 27-year-old could join liverpool this summer if raheem sterling leaves anfield . sterling has attracted interest from arsenal , chelsea , manchester city , real madrid and bayern munich .
chelsea are favourites to agree terms with kenedy after his club fluminense agreed to sell his economic rights to giuliano bertolucci 's agency . the 19-year-old has represented brazil at under 17 and under level . chelsea look likely to win the race for his signature .
robin van persie has been out of the picture during manchester united 's rise up the table with an ankle ligament injury . united want to liven up their strikeforce in the summer and are looking to bring in two new forwards with radamel falcao expected to return to monaco . real madrid , paris saint-germain and barcelona are also in the market for back-up strikers of his level .
germany defender mats hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united in recent seasons . franz beckenbauer can believes the 26-year-old is at the perfect point in his career to leave jurgen klopp 's side . the germany defender won 103 caps for dortmund .
yaya toure remains a top target for serie a giants inter milan . roberto mancini is keen on bringing toure to the san siro . the italian believes toure has the capacity to dominate games . city want to keep toure , who currently earns # 220,000-per-week .
mats hummels has been linked with a big-money move to manchester united . the german centre-back gave an interview in kicker magazine last week . the 26-year-old still has two years left to run on his contract with dortmund . click here for all the latest borussia dortmund news .
arsenal are in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over a # 4.5 million swoop . the gunners are confident of completing a deal for the 16-year-old in the coming days . romero is yet to make his senior debut for velez but has trained regularly with the first team .
australian josh kerr took home the prize for the most impressive crash when he put too much weight on the front of his board . the 31-year-old was attempting to surf the notorious ` box ' - a right hand barrel at margaret river 's main break on wednesday . the wipe-out came within five minutes of wright receiving the ultimate score .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup final at wembley on sunday . steven gerrard has flitted in and out of brendan rodgers ' side this term . the 34-year-old will end his long association with the club at the end of this season .
shay given will start for aston villa against liverpool in sunday 's fa cup semi-final at wembley . the republic of ireland goalkeeper played every round of newcastle 's run but was dropped in favour of steve harper . the 38-year-old was an unusued substitute for the final against stoke with joe hart in net .
arsenal captain mikel arteta is confident it will take just ` five minutes ' to finish a contract extension off . the 33-year-old spaniard is set to miss saturday 's fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley . the gunners have moved up into the top two of the barclays premier league with a run of eight successive victories .
sean dyche has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during burnley 's first season back in the barclays premier league . burnley are second from bottom with just six games remaining . dyche claims another manager has urged him to ` move with the times ' and instruct his players to seek out decisions .
angel di maria was sent off against arsenal in the fa cup back in march . marouane fellaini was one of the stand out players and a result that sparked united 's impressive run of form . paul scholes believes the turning point of form has come at a time when they have nothing to play for .
arsenal defender calum chambers has enjoyed a promising start to his career in north london . the 20-year-old has established himself as a first team regular having made 36 appearances for the gunners this campaign . chambers signed from southampton last july for # 16million . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
tim sherwood wants to wipe any smile from raheem sterling 's face . aston villa boss knows his ambitions to beat liverpool and reach fa cup final may rest on taming sterling , a player he tried to sign for tottenham hotpur 's academy as a schoolboy .
jose mourinho claims it is easier to manage manchester united than chelsea within the modern confines of uefa 's financial fair play rules . united boss will be without michael carrick , phil jones , marcos rojo and daley blind for the barclays premier league clash at stamford bridge today .
manny pacquiao faces floyd mayweather on may 2 at the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas in a fight that is expected to gross more than $ 300million . the film charts his rise from humble beginnings to his first step into the boxing ring . director paul soriano spent two years researching the film .
jordan spieth claimed his first major title in record-breaking fashion . the 21-year-old became the first player ever to reach 19 under par at augusta . spieth also became the second youngest champion behind tiger woods . justin rose and phil mickelson were second and third respectively .
rafa nadal beat lucas pouille 6-2 , 6-1 in the monte carlo masters . the victory was the first step in rebuilding his self-belief . nadal will face either john isner or viktor troicki in the third round . click here for more tennis news .
wimbledon semi-finalist milos raonic and 19-year-old australian nick kyrgios will make their debuts at the aegon championships this summer . the duo will join nadal , andy murray , stan wawrinka , marin cilic and defending champion grigor dimitrov at queen 's .
novak djokovic beat albert ramos-vinolas 6-1 6-4 . he faces andreas haider-maurer , who defeated bernard tomic in the next round . david ferrer is also through after his opponent victor estrella burgos retired with a shoulder problem .
the singles champions will each receive 1.8 m euros -lrb- # 1.3 m -rrb- . around 150,000 euros more than rafael nadal and maria sharapova picked up . the tournament remains the grand slam with the lowest prize for the singles champion .
felipe massa is preparing for the bahrain grand prix this weekend . williams head of vehicle performance rob smedley claimed he was seeing the best of the brazilian in their nine years working together . massa appears to be a driver at the top of his game .
lewis hamilton says his champagne-spraying of a grid girl was ' a fun thing ' . the chinese grand prix has drawn widespread criticism over the past few days following hamilton 's win in shanghai . following the playing of the national anthems , hamilton grabbed his bottle of bubbly and for a fleeting moment turned it on grid girl liu siying .
lewis hamilton drew criticism from around the world when he aimed the fizz directly as the face of 23-year-old grid girl liu siying . the shanghai institute of visual art graduate said she did n't think much about the incident and was n't annoyed . sexism campaigners called hamilton 's behaviour ` selfish ' but she did not think too much about it .
red bull owner dietrich mateschitz warned renault to solve their problems otherwise he would consider pulling his teams out of formula one . last week renault endured a chinese grand prix to forget as daniil kvyat 's red bull and the toro rosso of max verstappen both suffered a power-unit failure .
leighton aspell became the first jockey in more than 40 years to win back-to-back grand nationals when many clouds galloped . the 25-1 shot , who was sixth in the cheltenham gold cup , is the first hennessy gold cup winner to land the prestigious prize . in the process ended his trainer oliver sherwood 's wretched record in the race .
sportsmail 's racing correspondent marcus townend and britain 's no 1 tipster sam turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race . will ap mccoy 's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite shutthefrontdoor .
ap mccoy has urged the nation to follow his aintree dream as he chases the fairytale end to his extraordinary career . retirement beckons for champion jockey every year since he first won the title in 1997 , and he will stop riding immediately if his mount shutthefrontdoor wins the # 1million crabbie 's grand national .
billy vunipola has been called before a rugby football union disciplinary panel after being cited for striking leicester 's mathew tait with his head . the incident occurred in saracens ' 22-6 win at allianz park , a match in which he scored a try . the panel will also consider the case of leicester centre vereniki goneva .
australia hooker nathan charles has revealed his battle with cystic fibrosis . the 26-year-old is in with an outside chance of making michael chieka 's world cup squad later this year . charles took to rugby as a youngster as a way of battling with his illness .
scotland face newport gwent dragons at bt murrayfield on friday . matt scott has n't played since picking up his latest injury on scotland duty against ireland in the final game of the six nations last month . the 25-times-capped centre is now a doubt for september 's world cup .
alex hales is hoping for a ` proper crack ' at one-day international cricket . the 26-year-old has nine england caps to date since his debut against india . hales has played in only five of england 's subsequent 18 matches . he admitted back then , before his second innings , that india 's seamers had limited his strokeplay .
mustafa kamal was unhappy with umpire calls in bangladesh 's world cup quarter-final defeat to india in melbourne last month . icc chief executive david richardson described the remarks as ` unfortunate ' . the icc will consider the appointment of mr najam sethi .
ireland took firm control of the first test against the west indies . gary ballance 's 122 was the mainstay of england 's 333 for seven . chris jordan slip catch made the breakthrough in antigua . joe root formed a solid partnership with ballance .
gary ballance produced an outstanding display with the bat against west indies on thursday . former captain andrew flintoff believes pietersen is now ` running out of time ' to resurrect his test career . ballance will be 35 on june 27 , before the home ashes series starts .
england declared just before tea , leaving west indies a hefty target -lrb- 503 -rrb- . but the home side 's lower order hung on -- with sulieman benn batting as high as nine -- and forced an unlikely draw . joe root 's 142-run contribution has been largely overlooked .
anthony davis had 31 points and 13 rebounds as the new orleans pelicans earned their first play-off berth since 2011 . davis came through in the waning minutes with two jumpers , two blocks and two rebounds to prevent the spurs from pulling off a 23-point comeback . oklahoma city 's russell westbrook scored 37 points in the thunder 's 138-113 victory over san antonio .
aaron ramsey was relieved after arsenal fought their way past reading in extra time to reach the fa cup final . the reading goalkeeper left the field in tears after fumbling sanchez 's shot through his legs and over the line for the clinching goal . arsene wenger gives instructions out to his team before the beginning of extra time .
alan pardew has warned crystal palace 's premier league admirers that if they want to sign yannick bolasie this summer . it has been suggested that a # 10m bid could tempt palace into selling the winger , who has excelled since pardew arrived in january . pardew believes the club 's leading assets do not want to leave .
southampton host hull city at st mary 's on saturday -lrb- 3pm kick-off -rrb- . filip djuric has been ruled out of the match due to an ankle injury . steven davis could return to the southampton side to face hull .
ronald koeman believes southampton will have to win their last six games to finish inside top four . southampton are five points behind man city with five points to claw back on the reigning champions . saints travel to the etihad stadium on the final day of the season , by contrast to the other sides chasing a top-four berth .
ryan bertrand was the fifth left back to be called in to roy hodgson 's england squad last month . the 25-year-old has attracted plenty of plaudits for his displays at st mary 's . england face lithuania and italy in the international break .
moha el ouriachi is set to sign for stoke city in less than two years . the barcelona b player is apparently keen to seek first-team action . stoke have already signed bojan krkic and marc muniesa from barcelona . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
harry kane has been nominated for pfa player of the year award . mauricio pochettino says kane deserves to win the award for his impact on english football . spurs boss pocrino has defended the club 's decision to play a one off pre-season game against the mls all stars in colorado on july 29 .
winston reid signed a six-and-a-half year deal with west ham last month . the 26-year-old had been linked with the likes of arsenal and tottenham . reid believes he can fulfil all of his ambitions at west ham . click here for all the latest west ham united news .
sam allardyce will hope for a strong end to the season , but it has threatened to tail off . west ham are also in need of some consistency , with a stoppage-time goal conceded at home to stoke denying them what would have been only a third league win of 2015 . the irons are now in 10th place , having once looked set for a european qualification challenge themselves .
former hibs star leigh griffiths has been bang on form since the turn of the year . the 24-year-old says he was n't playing at the start of the season . celtic boss ronny deila and assistant john collins had a talk with him .
ronny deila hailed ultimate impact sub leigh griffiths for his hat-trick performance in celtic 's comeback premiership win over kilmarnock . parkhead manager said the striker 's desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting xi . deila asked if he thought the forward was trying to prove a point .
jose mourinho insists jurgen klopp is not coming to stamford bridge . the german has been tipped to make the move to england next season . stoke boss mark hughes forecast klopp 's pedigree in european competition would work in his favour for clubs looking to compete on the biggest stage .
chelsea beat chelsea 4-2 at old trafford last week . jose mourinho was having no truck with the barclays premier league 's fair play table . he dismissed it as a joke and was relaxed ahead of a visit from manchester united . pellegrini has overseen a poor run of form at manchester city .
stuart mccall believes his side 's main promotion rivals could drop points against livingston on wednesday . livingston gave rangers a headache last week when they held them to a 1-1 draw at dumbarton in league action . rangers are four points ahead of hibernian with the scottish championship strugglers .
lucas has been at anfield for eight years and holds the unwanted record of playing more games for liverpool without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years . he missed the 2012 league cup final and two other wembley appearances that year with a serious knee injury sustained against chelsea the previous november . lucas , 28 , has been the longest-serving player at liverpool behind captain steven gerrard .
andy burnham and ed miliband promise that labour will make the premier league invest in grassroots . mr burnham said labour was ready to legislate if necessary to ensure elite clubs lived up to their 1999 promise to support struggling community facilities . the league puts # 168million into grassroots sport , only a fraction of the # 5billion it has taken in from tv deals between 2013 and 2016 .
jonny howson made a triumphant return to elland road to nudge norwich one step closer to the premier league . the 26-year-old had already endured taunts of ` cheat ' from the home fans after winning a first-half penalty . graham dorrans hammered his spot-kick against the underside of the ball and then wasted another opportunity moments later .
liverpool host aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . simon mignolet insists choosing between an fa cup victory and finishing in the top four would be like preferring one of his parents over the other . brendan rodgers ' side are currently fourth in the premier league .
bayern munich face munich in the champions league semi-final . pep guardiola 's side lost 2-0 to porto in the first leg on wednesday . the porto boss said his side suffered with the injuries they are currently contending with in the squad . julen lopetegui says reaching the semi-finals would be a dream come true .
rampant lazio face juventus in serie a on saturday . the biancoceleste have scored 18 goals and conceded just one in their last six italian league games . juventus are unbeaten at home this season but they did slip to just their second defeat of the campaign last weekend .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . marouane fellaini was public enemy no 1 last season , appearing to epitomise everything that was wrong with united under david moyes . van gaal is brave enough to throw the big man into the action and give him licence to attack , regardless of aesthetics .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at the etihad on saturday . chris smalling showed his hunger to beat a lethargic city defence . smalling has scored the same amount of premier league goals this season . united are third , eight points behind leaders chelsea .
tottenham striker emmanuel adebayor has one year left to run on his current contract at white hart lane . the tottenham forward posted a video of himself dancing in front of the arc de triomphe on his instagram account . the post emerged on sunday , just days after the togo international had taken to twitter to insist he was committed to fighting for his place in the spurs team .
the rodrigo de freitas lagoon will hold the brazil 2016 olympics rowing and canoe competitions . currently , the lake is littered with thousands of dead fish due to the raw sewage and rubbish within it . officials say the recent problems are the result of rain , which caused the lake 's water temperature to plummet .
the sncf company made an official complaint to french prosecutors saying the action in sunday 's prestigious race had risked a deadly tragedy . the last of the riders went through the barrier in northern france about eight seconds before the tgv train arrived at the waller crossing , 87 kilometers -lrb- 54 miles -rrb- from the end of the so called ` hell of the north ' race . one rider from the belgian lotto team was clipped by a barrier as it came
liverpool face liverpool in the fa cup fourth round on monday night . brendan rodgers , subdued and disconsolate , admitted as much in his post-match debrief . liverpool are seven points behind fourth-placed manchester city but have a game in hand on their rivals .
mamadou sakho limped off the field during liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final victory against blackburn rovers on wednesday . the french defender was replaced by kolo toure in the 28th minute . brendan rodgers ' side have slipped down to sixth the premier league standings in recent weeks .
jordon ibe is on the verge of signing a new long-term contract at liverpool . liverpool offered ibe fresh terms in february after he had a deep impression in a sequence of games , particularly against everton and tottenham . ibe has been absent since damaging knee ligaments against besiktas .
mario balotelli tweeted : ` yeeeees city @aguerosergiokun !!! 1-0 old trafford ... stand up and shut up ' . argentine striker aguero struck after eight minutes to give city the lead . liverpool face newcastle united on monday night with the chance of closing the gap on city in fourth to four points .
kimi raikkonen finished fourth at the chinese grand prix in shanghai . the finn is confident ferrari can catch and regularly beat their german rivals . the 35-year-old finished fourth in the last two races of the season . click here for all the latest f1 news .
carlton cole and nathaniel clyne were in attendance at searcys function rooms in knightsbridge in london 's west end for the ` football fighting ebola ' event . the west ham striker and southampton right back were seen at the event . pictures from the event were shared on the charity 's facebook page .
manny pacquiao ran around one of north america 's largest urban parks . the 36-year-old was joined by his dog pacman as he continued to gear up for his encounter against the undefeated mayweather . the filipino recently unveiled the multicoloured mouth guard he will wear .
manny pacquiao has revealed his colourful mouthpiece ahead of his bout with floyd mayweather . the fight is reportedly worth # 300million -lrb- # 205million -rrb- . mayweather is favourite with the bookmakers with less than a month to go until the fight that the entire world of boxing will stop to see .
louis van gaal was snapped with manchester city women 's players toni duggan and isobel christiansen in a restaurant . duggan wrote : ` heyyy louis van g !!!! nice to share a wings with you ... -lsb- sic -rsb- ' . wing 's is the go-to place for footballers in manchester , with england and united captain wayne rooney among its regulars .
manchester united are favourites to sign burnley striker danny ings . ings has scored nine goals in his first season in the premier league . the 22-year-old is out of contract in the summer and due to his age burnley would be set to receive around # 5million in compensation .
stuart pearce believes manchester city manager manuel pellegrini deserves more time to turnaround the club 's dwindling fortunes . city 's challenge for the title has capitulated in recent weeks . pearce spent time at the club as a manager and a player , blamed ivorian yaya toure .
new york city fc striker david villa has taken another bite out of the big apple scene as he was invited to ring the opening bell for the new york stock exchange . the 33-year-old , who made the move to the newly formed mls outfit this season , has really thrown himself into his surroundings . historically , many of the bell-ringers have been business executives who actively trade on the exchange , although entertainers , athletes and politicians are sometimes invited to take part as
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 at the selhurst park on saturday . craig gardner hailed a ` massive ' win for the hammers . the welshman left palace on the eve of the new season . he has since taken over at the hawthorns with three points .
rafa benitez has amassed a grand total of zero league titles . the spaniard famously guided liverpool to the champions league in 2005 as he enjoyed cup successes . he also brought in djimi traore , antonio nunez , milan baros and igor biscan .
ben flower punched lance hohaia in the opening moments of last season 's grand final . the wales forward came on as a substitute in the 23rd minute of thursday 's match . coach shaun wane had said he wanted to see him come back an even more aggressive player .
houston claimed that stubbs should be examining tactical failings that led to the downfall of hibs . the falkirk players celebrate taking the lead against hibernian in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden park . craig sibbald finally breaks the deadlock with a stooping header that left hibernian hearts broken .
sky sports pundit gary neville has laid into referee lee mason after he failed to award newcastle a penalty during their 2-0 defeat at liverpool . ayoze perez felled by a reckless challenge from dejan lovren . lovren makes a rash challenge and does not make contact with the ball .
manchester united beat manchester city 6-5 at old trafford on sunday . david de gea scored the only goal of the game in the first half . antonio valencia kept city 's threat at bay down the right . phil jones caught ball watching for the first goal and looked ponderous at times .
middlesbrough were top on good friday but are fourth going into the visit of wolves . aitor karanka is targeting wins from all of his side 's remaining fixtures . wolves are seven points behind boro but only outside the play-offs on goal difference after saturday 's 2-1 defeat to birmingham .
norwich beat norwich 3-0 in their premier league clash at the emirates . alex tettey 's early own goal handed the carrow road visitors a slim victory . aitor karanka declared that his players deserve to be in the premier league after a surprise victory .
ben gibson 's middlesbrough side knocked out in the champions league group stage when the email landed from club chairman -- uncle steve -- that he had been fired . the 22-year-old was a kid in the playground when his dad 's brother was splashing the cash on juninho , alen boksic and gaizka mendieta , before that there had been the likes of fabrizio ravanelli , emerson and paul gascoigne .
matthew connolly opened the scoring for watford after just four minutes . nottingham forest equalised shortly after half-time through darlow . watford move up to third in the premier league table , behind norwich in second on goal difference . almen abdi doubled the lead with twenty minutes to play .
ryan dearnley won the chance to walk out at wembley when royals beat huddersfield in the third round but footage of him backing arsenal sparked a furious response from reading supporters . the fa reportedly offered ryan two tickets to watch the semi-final in the arsenal end but he refused .
yaya toure will not be forced out of manchester city , but the club are set to make him available this summer . the ivorian has played a major role during city 's recent trophy-laden period , helping the club to two premier league titles , an fa cup and league cup . toure has more than two years left on his current # 220,000-a-week deal .
former manchester city manager sven goran eriksson delivered a damning verdict on his old club . city host west ham on sunday but a champions league spot next year is still in doubt with just four points separating them . city were beaten 4-2 by fierce rivals manchester united last weekend .
yaya toure , sergio aguero , martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala chose to pull on their woolies for april 's blockbuster manchester derby . temperatures in the north west were not exactly soaring - hitting between six and eight degrees celsius by the time of the 4pm kick off . gary neville knew this all too well after the clash saw his former enemies lose for the fourth time in six premier league matches .
paul scholes hopes ryan giggs will go on and be one of the best manager 's in the world once he has done his apprenticeship under louis van gaal . scholes believes outgoing borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp would be a welcome addition to the premier league .
jurgen klopp announced his departure from borussia dortmund on wednesday . former manchester city midfielder dietmar hamann believes klopp has ` more right to take over the job than pellegrini ever had ' . klopp won the bundesliga title twice during his seven years as dortmund manager .
craig cathcart fired watford into the lead with a stunning strike . matt ritchie put bournemouth ahead against sheffield wednesday . chris maguire 's stoppage-time penalty at the goldsands stadium denied the cherries and left watford on top of the pile .
manuel pellegrini should be given the chance to turn things around at manchester city next season , according to gary neville . the former manchester united defender has been critical of the chilean 's side in recent weeks as the reigning premier league champions have seen their chances of retaining the crown slip . jurgen klopp available in the summer after announcing he is to leave borussia dortmund .
luis suarez scored a double in barcelona 's 3-1 win over psg on wednesday . the former chelsea man was brought back from injury to replace countryman and captain thiago silva in the first half . luiz pulled up his socks to take the pitch after 21 minutes .
roberto martinez admits he would not be able to ease romelu lukaku back in even if he wanted to . the belgium international is set to return from a four-week absence with a hamstring injury this weekend . the 21-year-old has had over the last 10 months .
roberto martinez insists antolin alcaraz or sylvain distin still has time to prove he deserves a new deal . the toffees boss is keen to advance the talents of younger players - tyias browning and brendan galloway the two most likely to benefit - he has not ruled out retaining existing senior players .
unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup . the centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the red devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd . the build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by leigh of former england forward gareth hock .
united arab emirates are planning an audacious bid to host the 2021 rugby league world cup . sol mokdad , the president of uaerl , believes it has the facilities , as well as the financial backing and infrastructure . the world cup has only ever been hosted by the major countries - australia , new zealand , france and great britain .
huddersfield have plummeted from third to ninth after losing all three games over the easter holiday period . paul anderson is hoping to kick-start his side 's misfiring attack to match the efficiency of their defence as they look to start climbing back up the super league ladder .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal thanked supporters for their patience when results were going against the team at the start of the season . the dutch manager said it is a great time to be a manchester united supporter right now .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . louis van gaal 's side have gone from joint top on new year 's day . united are four points clear of liverpool , tottenham and southampton . click here for manchester united transfer news .
yaya toure 's defensive lapses are costing manchester city , claims sky sports pundit gary neville . neville singled out toure as an example of the ` weeds ' at the etihad in a scathing attack on the ivorian following man city 's 4-2 derby loss to united .
alex hales believes england 's players are n't competing in enough twenty20 competitions . chris woakes , two foot soldiers in the recent world cup fiasco , called for some rethinking of the domestic structure to avoid a repeat of what happened in australia and new zealand . hales was at edgbaston on thursday at the launch of this season 's t20 domestic competition .
kevin pietersen has been surplus to requirements since being sacked 14 months ago after alastair cook 's team were whitewashed 5-0 in australia . the dual ashes-winning all-rounder will be 35 before the 2015 edition begins , and flintoff senses he no longer has age on his side . england have won their last three tests under cook , pre-dating a miserable world cup , and took a three-figure first-innings lead in the first
andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the natwest twenty20 blast . the blast 's stock is at a new high , in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format . cook brought him two more failures at the top of the order in the opening match of england 's series in the west indies .
alastair cook lost his wicket in the second innings to jerome taylor . michael vaughan praised cook in the commentary box moments before he was dismissed for 13 caught by sulieman benn . cook has struggled with the bat over the last year and lost the one day captaincy .
bayern munich host eintracht frankfurt in the champions league . medhi benatia suffered a muscle injury against bayer leverkusen . pep guardiola has a long injury list to contend with as he aims for domestic and european glory . bayern need four more wins to secure the bundesliga title .
bayern munich will be without midfielders bastian schweinsteiger and franck ribery when they travel to porto for wednesday 's champions league quarter-final first leg . bayern are 10 points clear at the top of the bundesliga and are also through to the german cup semi-finals .
manchester city are planning to table a mega-bid for raheem sterling . the liverpool forward is a primary target for manchester city this summer . the transfer window reopens on july 1 , but deals can be discussed between clubs prior to that date . liverpool are likely to demand a straight cash fee .
daley blind played his part in manchester united 's 4-2 derby win over city . the 25-year-old dutchman accepted rivals would have taken note of the derby win . he said united need to focus on the end of this season rather than thinking about challenging for the title next year .
angel di maria and radamel falcao were left on the bench by louis van gaal on sunday . the dutchman replaced belgian marouane fellaini with seven minutes to play in the win over manchester city . david moyes once said smalling and jones were good enough to become england 's central defensive pairing .
manchester city beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . manuel pellegrini accepted the blame for the defeat . city have lost six of their last eight games in all competitions . patrick vieira has impressed in his work with the club 's elite development squad .
james anderson will earn his 100th test cap on monday when england take on the west indies at the antiguan ground that bears richards ' name . four wickets in the game would take him past botham 's national record of 383 test wickets , making anderson the most prolific english bowler in history . sir vivian richards believes anderson is a worthy heir to sir ian botham .
jimmy anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies from monday . england quick james anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker . anderson was known as pro killer during his days with burnley .
alastair cook in the nets ahead of the first test in the west indies of a vitally important series for his career . paul downton is desperate to avoid being distracted by the seismic changes going on all around him . cook and his england team-mates share a few words in practice .
kevin pietersen 's quest for an improbable return to international cricket began as his scriptwriter must have known it would : with sumptuous strokes , a standing ovation and much of the old bravado . the 34-year-old 's only hope of playing for england again is to score lots of runs for surrey -- wind , rain or shine .
alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of adam federici in extra time . it was a routine shot from sanchez but the reading stopper failed to collect it properly in his grasp . the incident was reminiscent of robert green 's error in england 's 2010 world cup opener against the usa .
liverpool beat aston villa 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final on april 13 . fabian delph scored his seventh goal of the campaign for the reds . liverpool 's record in must-win games has been lamentable . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
burton albion beat morecambe 2-1 on saturday thanks to two goals from lucas akins , then the players heard that wycombe could only draw at wimbledon . jimmy floyd hasselbaink is happy to be promoted , but wants to finish on top .
belgian teenager obbi oulare scored as club brugge came from behind to beat anderlecht in front of scouts from a number of europe 's top clubs . scouts from manchester united , everton , sunderland , burnley , dortmund and leverkusen were in attendance .
ashley shupe claims kaiden , eight , has tried to choke himself , throw himself from a height , and stop eating . it was a reaction , she claims to repeated ` taunting , bullying and physical assault ' inflicted by one student in his class at oakmont elementary school in dickson county , tennessee . in march this year , shupe filed a police report against the child when kaiden allegedly came home with a swollen and bruised head , bruises on his knees , and scratches .
ed sheeran , 24 , is the reigning king of sending music-listeners to the land of nod . music streaming service spotify has analysed over 2.8 million users ' playlists labelled ` sleep ' . sheeran 's other heavily playlist featured songs include hits such as i see fire , the a team and give me love .
lisa mearkle is charged with criminal homicide in the shooting of david kassick . the 59-year-old was shot in the back while he lay face down on the ground on february 2 . her attorneys asked a judge on friday to bar the distinct attorney from releasing the video .
crystal mcnaughton from long beach , california , filmed the moment her newborn son paul started welling up to a rousing song from glee . as the lea michele version of the track o holy night plays , footage shows a look of sadness spreading across the tiny infant 's face .
steven gerrard looked glum at boujis nightclub in kensington . the liverpool captain was knocked out of the fa cup on sunday . he has just six games left to play in a red shirt with little to play for . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
michael fyson , 77 , has grown his own fruit and veg for more than 10 years . broadway allotment association member says soil at site is ` dreadful ' . but gardeners have complained about their new site , saying it has bad drainage . they are demanding that oldham council pays out compensation for problems .
ankit keshri passed away after suffering a cardiac arrest in kolkata . the 20-year-old collided with a team-mate as they attempted to take a catch . former national team captain sachin tendulkar was among several india stars to offer their condolences at the news .
angel di maria , pablo zabaleta and marcos rojo dined at san carlo restaurant on sunday night . the united players had just returned from a disappointing 1-0 defeat by premier league leaders chelsea on saturday . united 's no 2 goalkeeper victor valdes was also in attendance along with his partner yolanda cardona .
the two sides played out a goalless draw at the keepmoat stadium . doncaster 's media team faced a tough challenge compling the match highlights of the club 's youtube channel . so they made it short and sweet , just 27 seconds in fact with 14 seconds of match action .
jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club t-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs . he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside was shared on social media . he has now begged for his girlfriend bryony hibbert 's forgiveness .
mohammad shatnawi scored an own goal by kicking the ball over his head at the weekend . the al whidat striker closed in on goal and lashed a venomous strike on target . west ham 's james collins accidentally lobbed his goalkeeper trying to clear a cross .
the queen finished third to richard hannon 's desert force in the dubai duty free full of surprises handicap . it was the queen 's hannon-trained two-year-old ring of truth . the queen crossed her fingers for the race but only managed to come close with two near-misses at newbury .
lionel messi scored a hat-trick against sevilla on saturday . the barcelona star has scored so many trebles at club level . messi will lead the line for barcelona when they take on psg on wednesday . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
david de gea and victor valdes made the most of the rare english sun . manchester united beat manchester city 2-0 at a theme park on tuesday . valdes has found his first team chances limited at old trafford . click here for all the latest premier league news .
tottenham midfielder christian eriksen was spotted smooching with stunning girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen in central london . the lovestruck couple have been together almost three years . spurs now sit seventh in the premier league , seven points off the fourth place they need to qualify for the champions league .
jack wilshere took to social media to thank fans for their support at the emirates stadium on monday night . the england international returned from injury to captain the u21 side against reading in the top-of-the-table clash . serge gnabry and abou diaby also featured in the game .
christy mack , 23 , claims mma fighter jonathan paul koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive four months into their one-year relationship . the former porn star fled her las vegas home on august 8 , 2014 . it was the climax , she claims , of an abusive on-off relationship . she is still undergoing reparative dental work .
chris robshaw and camilla kerslake shared a boating picture via instagram while on holiday in barbados . the england captain has already talked to andrew strauss and lawrence dallaglio about the pressures of being in the spotlight in the world cup year .
david alaba posted a video on his instagram of the cast being removed . the austrian has n't had much luck in terms of injuries . bayern thrashed shakhtar donetsk in the last round of the champions league . pep guardiola 's side have won three on the trot .
fabio borini came on as a second-half substitute in liverpool 's 2-0 win against newcastle at anfield on monday . the italian striker has only netted once in 17 appearances for the reds this season as he has struggled to establish himself in the team .
police said witnesses told them that around midnight on saturday three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where corinthians ' fan group pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass . they ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head . an eighth man was shot but tried to escape , reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died .
serafim todorov is the last man to beat floyd mayweather in the featherweight division semi-finals at the 1996 olympic games in atlanta . the 45-year-old is unbeaten in 49 professional fights . mayweather is one of the richest athletes in the world .
sergio aguero scored the first of his two goals during city 's 4-2 defeat at the hands of rivals manchester united . the argentine 's tremendous feat of scoring 100 goals in just 158 appearances should be cause for celebration . the aftermath of a crushing derby defeat may not be the place for jelly and ice-cream .
fox sports australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up . briony ingerson used the hashtag #ihopethiscomesoff alongside the photo of herself painted in black . the photo made headlines and ingerson responded with a message on twitter , insisting she had not meant to be offensive .
the great grey owl stalked the rodent from snowy treetops in ontario , canada , before launching its attack . its eyes never straying from its prey , it made a somewhat inelegant landing in the snow before scooping up the mouse with its claws . photographer marc latremouille captured this particular encounter during one of his photography workshops .
celtic beat celtic 3-2 to reach the william hill scottish cup final . defender david raven slotted home the deciding goal four minutes from the end of extra time . the 30-year-old struggled to describe how he felt following an eventful match which he admitted could have gone either way .
a masked gunman who fired eight shots in a shopping mall remains on the run in sydney 's west hours after police started the manhunt . a nsw police spokeswoman told daily mail australia an arrest is yet to be made . shoppers caught up in the potentially deadly incident were unnerved by the shooting .
islamic state has released a new set of propaganda photos showing off their growing number of military markets in iraq and syria . even young children appear to be allowed to browse through the market , with some of the children wearing their own miniature uniforms . the photos come from the iraqi province of nineveh , where isis have recently been targeting historic archaeological sites as well as their bloodthirsty campaign against civilians .
former indy racing league driver sam schmidt drove a sports car on the long beach grand prix road course sunday despite being paralyzed from the neck down . schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a semi-autonomous motorcar , or sam car , which allows quadriplegics to safely operate the vehicle under ` racetrack conditions ' .
the outback casanova , who lives in humpty doo , northern territory , detailed his dream girl on gumtree . it reads : ` prefer non drinker and smoker -lrb- i know i 'm dreamin -rrb- , fit attractive , will get free gym membership , to the ` successful candidate ' .
about 300 homes in an area along the border of the cities of norco and corona , about 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles . by midday , fire officials said they had contained 25 per cent of the fire , which had grown to 1.5 square miles . cooler overnight temperatures and low winds allowed fire crews to attack the blaze , increasing containment from 15 per cent .
cincinnati enquirer reports that the tree fell onto the car around 4 p.m. sunday . photos show a large tree resting across the crushed vehicle . cincinnati police officer douglas swingley tells the newspaper the woman was the only occupant . due to the tree 's size , the investigation will take longer than normal .
kalimah dixon said she was awakened by a neighbor yelling there was a fire early on monday morning . she was lucky to get her children , aged one to 14 , out of the decatur condo safely . all that was left of her rented condo was a pile of rubble , and in her efforts to get family back on their feet , she is asking for assistance .
in a leaked sony email cameron crowe mocks bruce jenner 's gender transition . this in an email conversation the director was having with former studio head amy pascal . crowe has yet to respond to this leaked email . this while the two are discussing crowe 's upcoming film aloha .
police said jerald christopher ` jc ' jackson , of immokalee , florida , entered an acquaintance 's apartment with two men . the 19-year-old cornerback left the apartment , and then one of the other men allegedly pulled out a gun , police said . jackson was arrested on saturday after a robbery at a gainsville apartment .
the clip , posted on instagram , show rihanna sitting at a table with what looks like a slim white tube in her hands as her pals dance around her . after the camera cuts to her friends , it then pans back to her . the singer later shared a similar video on her own page .
residents in ansai , central china , dug a 46m well in order to get fresh drinking water . when the pumped it to the surface the found it was so polluted it could be set on fire . local officials say they have now launched an investigation into how the water from the well became so polluted .
puppies spend their time discovering the world with more enthusiasm than any human could muster . filmed in a front room , the video begins erratically with the dog flying through the air and jumping onto the basket . with its weight the dog forces the basket over onto its base and lands inside it , before running around in a circle .
denis cuspert , 39 , sings about planning attacks in britain , germany and france , rapping ` we want your blood ' . this follows reports that british police have raised security levels ahead of several world war i commemorative events taking place next week . anzac day , which takes place on april 25 , honours australian and new zealand soldiers who have died in war .
jay dasilva was part of the chelsea under 19 team that won the uefa youth league by beating shakhtar donetsk in monday 's final in nyon , switzerland . former arsenal and england striker wright took to twitter to praise him . the 16-year-old has predicted that four of the side are set for a bright future in the game .
izzy brown played the full 90 minutes of chelsea 's 4-0 semi-final win over roma in switzerland on friday afternoon . the 18-year-old scored twice in the 3-2 final win over shakhtar donetsk . brown was on the bench for the premier league clash at queens park rangers .
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 in the fa cup final at wembley . christian benteke , fabian delph and jack grealish scored for the reds . brendan rodgers praised captain gerrard 's performance . sherwood said his team ` bamboozled ' liverpool .
philipp lahm 's tackle on a team-mate at bayern munich 's training ground on the outskirts of the city appeared innocuous enough . until a scream of pain pierced the morning air and a frantic wave signalled he was in trouble . pep guardiola quit this week after a reported rift with guardiola .
pep guardiola has denied a dispute with former bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt . the 72-year-old quit the club on thursday after ` being blamed ' for the defeat by porto . guardiola said ` the bond of trust is damaged ' .
randy lerner missed villa 's 2-1 win over liverpool at wembley . the american owner was delighted by the win and upset he had not been able to make the trip across the atlantic . fox said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club .
chelsea 's technical director michael emenalo travelled to spain on saturday to watch the 23-year-old during atletico 's 2-1 victory against deportivo . the spaniard signed a long-term deal with diego simeone 's side last year . mourinho is reportedly planning to offer filipe luis in a part-exchange deal .
paul smith is in pole position for a third successive joust against arthur abraham in germany . the wba have ordered their two super-middle world champions to meet in a unification fight . andre ward , still ranked by many among the top five pound-for-pound boxers in the world , sees smith as the ideal warm-up opponent .
frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at kell brook 's ibf welterweight world title at the o2 on may 30 . talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised , it is likely that the fight will happen . eddie hearn , who promotes both men , said gavin was under ` strong consideration ' .
manchester united scouts are due to watch inter milan striker mauro icardi against verona at the weekend . united have had staff at inter 's games with sampdoria and parma . icardi is reportedly on an # 11,000-a-week salary and is looking to increase that to # 43,000 a week .
real madrid are keeping tabs on liverpool winger raheem sterling . zinedine zidane has revealed the club are looking for the world 's best youngsters to add to their squad . sterling has rejected an offer of # 100,000 a week to extend his stay at anfield .
property centre founder and brw rich list alumni geoff harris put the port melbourne home up for auction on saturday . mr harris , who definitely knows how to strike a favourable deal , accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction . the buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer .
gareth bale is a huge doubt for real madrid 's champions league quarter-final second leg match against atletico madrid . the welsh forward lasted just a few minutes before limping off with a calf injury against malaga on saturday . real coach carlo ancelotti is hoping to have striker karim benzema fit .
manchester city under 18s face chelsea in the first leg of the fa youth cup final on monday . jason wilcox wants to emulate manchester united 's famous class of ' 92 . the ex-blackburn winger believes that the club have no interest nurturing growth from within .
jay hart , 24 , was filmed having sex with a supporter in the manager 's dugout . he was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club t-shirt . the lancashire non-league side had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at mossley afc .
jonathas scored to give elche a 1-0 win over real sociedad in la liga . the striker took advantage of some poor control and hesitation . xabi prieto had the opportunity to equalise for the away side . mario pasalic went close to doubling elche 's advantage in the second half .
nottingham forest will make a renewed move for blackburn striker jordan rhodes this summer . the 25-year-old has scored 70 goals in the last three seasons . blackburn have so far resisted all bids for him . gary bowyer expects further interest in rudy gestede .
michael frontzek worked as an assistant at hannover from 2004 to 2005 . the 51-year-old has five games left this season to avoid relegation . korkut 's departure follows a 4-0 loss to bayer leverkusen on saturday . the bundesliga 's bottom two clubs are relegated automatically .
lukas podolski is currently on loan at inter milan having joined the serie a club in january following a tough start to the season at the emirates . the 29-year-old is adamant he still has a role to play in arsene wenger 's side .
terence crawford beat thomas dulmorme three times in quick fashion . crawford won the vacant wbo junior welterweight title with a sixth-round technical knockout saturday night . the fighter remained undefeated , winning as a heavy favorite in his first fight moving in the 140-pound class .
lucas matthysse won a majority decision against ruslan provodnikov in a 12-round super lightweight bout on saturday night . he landed two hard right hook-left hook combos in the fourth round and landed two punches in the first round . provodra regained control in the fifth .
derry mathews has won the interim wba lightweight title . mathews saw richar abril twice pull out of a fight due to illness . ismael barroso was forced to pull out after failing to obtain a visa . luis was in the ascendency in the closing rounds .
freddie roach says floyd mayweather does n't deserve to be ranked alongside manny pacquiao as the leading fighters of their generation . roach said he rated super-middleweight star andre ward and middleweight sensation gennady golovkin above mayweather despite the american 's unbeaten record .
the pair mischievously claimed that donegal 's seaside town was their destination of choice for a post-olympic break following their bronze medal wins at london 2012 . barnes may have already been well known in ireland prior to their achievements in london , but only flirts with the amateur version of the sport every four years before medallists appear on homecoming flights .
nicola adams is hoping to become a double olympic gold medallist in rio next year . the 32-year-old is preparing to return to an english ring for the first time since her london 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool . adams insists she has no plan to set a time-scale on when it will finally be time to hang up her golden gloves .
jack nicklaus believes it is time for the ` young guys to take over ' . jordan spieth 's four-shot win over justin rose and phil mickelson equal the 72-hole record set by tiger woods in 1997 and also become the first player ever to reach 19 under par at augusta . nicklaus lauded spieth , and heralded a new golfing era led by him and rory mcilroy .
caroline wozniacki was forced to defend herself after she congratulated american golf sensation jordan spieth on twitter . the danish professional tennis player said : ` congratulations to @jordanspieth on winning @themasters ! extremely impressive how he came out firing from the start and never looked back ' .
gael monfils beat roger federer 6-4 , 7-6 in a thrilling last-16 encounter . the frenchman also played with focus and commitment . federer won another grueling point and then served out comfortably . the second set was the best of the tournament so far .
roger federer beat jeremy chardy 6-2 , 6-1 in his monte carlo opener . the match was federer 's first since his loss in the indian wells final in march . federer has changed his schedule to allow more time for recovery and training .
lewis hamilton insists he will do his talking ` on the track ' ahead of sunday 's bahrain grand prix . the mercedes star adopted an air of cool disdain for any psychological battles . hamilton and nico rosberg avoided eye contact after the latter took pole in shanghai .
mike tindall was making a beeline to the place marked with a big number ' 3 ' , with his wife , zara phillips , scampering in hot pursuit . the former england captain was beaming from ear-to-ear having just seen monbeg dude , the horse whom he owns with james simpson-daniel and nicky robinson . he wanted to be in place for when the old warrior , who was sent off unconsidered at 40/
billy vunipola was cleared of intentionally headbutting mathew tait . the england no 8 had been cited for striking leicester full back matehw tait with his head . saracens face clermont auvergne in saturday 's champions cup semi-final .
billy vunipola faces an rfu disciplinary panel on tuesday afternoon . the 22-year-old could face an immediate suspension following an accusation that he struck leicester 's mathew tait . toulon are plotting a move for australia fly-half quade cooper .
james anderson induced an edge from west indies captain denesh ramdin . the 32-year-old broke sir ian botham 's record in the same match . anderson is mobbed by his england team-mates after the day 's action in antigua .
australia captain michael clarke believes kevin pietersen could play in this summer 's ashes test series . the 34-year-old has not played for his country since the fifth test in sydney , a match england lost to complete a 5-0 series defeat down under . clarke will link up with melbourne stars in the big bash league .
the intention is to build a single new structure in their place . more than 5,500 seats , in the south-western corner of the home of cricket , to raise the ground 's overall capacity to almost 30,000 . mcc reveals plans to replace the ` tired ' tavern and allen stands .
siobhan-marie o'connor won gold in the 200m individual medley at the british championships to ensure qualification for the world championships this summer . the 19-year-old has been closed for six months meaning she and her group have been forced to race world class times .
harry redknapp was speaking at the announcement of a men united xi vs leyton orient legends charity match at the matchroom stadium . the 68-year-old handed in his resignation at loftus road in february , citing knee problems behind the decision to leave the barclays premier league strugglers . he later claimed ` people with their own agendas ' had a hand in his departure and described the situation at the west london club as ' a bit of a soap opera '
mauricio pochettino is in an upbeat mood ahead of newcastle 's trip to st james ' park on sunday . newcastle fans are staging a mass protest against the current regime . the spurs boss said : ` you never know because sometimes the players are scared and run more than all season ' .
ronny deila will take his celtic side to hampden park for the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . the spfl sparked a furious row this week when they put back the final rangers game of the season by 24 hours for broadcast on sky sports . both capital clubs have lodged formal complaints over the governance of the game .
karim benzema will miss real madrid 's clash against atletico madrid . the french striker has 15 la liga goals to his name this season . spanish newspapers report that ancelotti is ` hesitating ' between playing a 4-4-2 or 4-3-3 formation as gareth bale and luka modric .
charlie austin has scored 17 goals for queens park rangers this term . the qpr striker will be with gareth southgate 's under-21 team . harry kane scored on his debut against lithuania last month . roy hodgson has been impressed with austin this season .
eniola aluko , lucy bronze , karen carney , jess clarke , kelly smith and ji so-yun have all made the shortlist . chelsea and england forward aluko has been nominated for the pfa women 's player of the year award .
manchester city beat city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday night . toni duggan posted a photo of her with louis van gaal on instagram . the 23-year-old issued an apology on her facebook page . duggan joined man city in 2013 after spending the early part of her career .
celtic 's treble dream died on sunday with striker leigh griffiths pointing the finger of blame at the officials after his side 's shock scottish cup semi-final defeat by inverness . celtic were a virgil van dijk goal to the good at the time of the meekings incident .
celtic beat celtic 2-0 in the scottish cup third round . josh meekings handball should have led to a sending off . john hughes says the break could have meant a penalty and red card . caley boss believes the break was a turning point in the game .
steve mcclaren 's derby side will make sure of a play-off place with victory at huddersfield . just two years on from winning the fa cup , wigan will be relegated if they fail to win at home to brighton . rotherham 's fa hearing for fielding an ineligible player could change things were they to be docked points .
bournemouth take on sheffield wednesday at the goldsands stadium . the four-horse race for automatic promotion is expected to go down to the wire with just two points separating those in contention . slavisa jokanovic is not looking beyond birmingham as his third-placed side bid to climb back into the top two .
nathaniel clyne has attracted the glances of several top clubs with his performances for southampton . saints are pushing for a top-four finish in the premier league with six matches to go , although that success has led the vultures to once again circle overhead . ronald koeman accepts it will be difficult to keep hold of the dutchman .
morgan schneiderlin , yannick bolasie and nathaniel clyne are all wanted men . the likes of morgan as well as nemanja matic looks at 10 players . jose mourinho has long seen the frenchman as an ideal holding player .
nathaniel clyne attended a fund-raising event for the football fighting ebola campaign on sunday night . the southampton defender has courted interest from the old trafford club throughout the season . ronald koeman has admitted it may be hard to keep him at the club .
jermaine beckford scored his 10th goal of the season as preston were held 2-2 by gillingham . jermaine mcglashan and legge left the deepdale faithful despondent . mk dons closed the gap on simon grayson 's men to three points .
aaron cresswell is one of just five outfield players to play every minute of his team 's premier league games this season . west ham who signed the left-back on a five-year contract , spending just # 2m in doing so . stones has the best passing accuracy of any everton player this season - 90.8 % .
ryan mason was celebrating tottenham hotspur team-mate andros townsend 's equalising goal for england against italy when a tattoo on his arm was shown across televisions worldwide . the 23-year-old has since been retweeted more than 20,000 times by those noticing the uncanny resemblance .
former chelsea defender paulo ferreira expects jose mourinho to remain in charge at stamford bridge for ' a long , long time ' . the 52-year-old is leading the blues towards their fourth barclays premier league title in his second stint at the club . former portugal international didier drogba has scored only three league goals since rejoining on a one-year contract last july .
leeds president massimo cellino insists he had nothing to do with the events that led to six players pulling out of saturday 's match against charlton . mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro , marco silvestri , souleymane doukara and edgar cani withdrew from the squad on the eve of the trip to the valley .
brendan rodgers has written off manchester city 's chances of signing raheem sterling this summer by declaring the anfield club are bigger than their etihad rivals . city have been heavily linked with a # 50million move for sterling . the champions have also monitored vice-captain jordan henderson .
roberto mancini 's relationship with manchester city was rooted in his dismay at the quality of english players signed by the club . when names like scott sinclair , jack rodwell and adam johnson were signed , he could barely disguise his contempt , feeling none of them would help him take on barcelona and real madrid . marwood has a new role at the academy with a spaniard , txiki begiristain , in his old job with the title director of
danny rose is fundamental to mauricio pochettino 's plans . manchester city have considered attack-minded rose as they draw up an extensive list of potential homegrown signings ahead of the close season . rose was signed up to a five-year contract at the etihad stadium last summer .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on may 30 . steven gerrard started the game in an advanced role behind raheem sterling and to the right of philippe coutinho in a 3-4-2-1 formation . liverpool adjusted their shape to 4-1-1 , pushing coutinho wide left .
wojciech szczesny says adam federici was ` the best player on the pitch ' . arsenal ran out 2-1 winners at wembley in the fa cup semi-final . federici allowed alexis sanchez 's driven shot to slip through his body .
wojciech szczesny has n't played a premier league game since the new year . gunners boss arsene wenger has benefited from competition for places brought by the # 3.2 million signing of colombian ospina from nice last summer . former arsenal goalkeeper david seaman was speaking as an ambassador for the ` know the score ' campaign against bowel cancer to press association sport .
malky mackay 's tenure at wigan athletic came to an end on monday . he was being investigated over ` sexist , racism and homophobic ' texts . dave whelan will also have to accept that his decision to appoint the scot in the first place has cost him his reputation .
event has seen over 45,000 descend on aintree for the perfect build-up ahead of saturday 's crabbies grand national . seven races make up the day as they saw saphir du rheu , ridden by sam twiston-davis , take home the betfred mildmay novices ' chase .
tony mccoy is riding in his 20th grand national and aintree is busy setting the scene to make sure it is one he never forgets . the 40-year-old from county antrim has been bidding his farewells as he heads for retirement and has promised to call it quits . on wednesday night , one of liverpool 's most iconic landmarks , the city 's royal liver building was lit up with a good luck message .
lionel messi will lead the line for barcelona against psg on wednesday . barcelona travel to paris for the first leg and blanc never won the competition as a player . laurent blanc has described messi as ` unstoppable ' as his side prepare to face barcelona .
spanish newspaper mundo deportivo report that an all-star match has been proposed that would bring together the cream of european talent . cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi would be the star attractions in the ` north vs south ' fixture . barcelona 's zlatan ibrahimovic and juventus ' pique 's pique will also feature .
lionel messi has issued an ominous warning to his opponents with the ballon d'or winner declaring he is back to his best after a disappointing 2014 . the catalan giants lost the la liga title to atletico madrid , the same rivals who knocked them out of the champions league in the quarter-finals . messi 's personal goal tally 's at 45 from 44 games and paris saint-germain await in the first leg of their champions league quarter final on wed
randy lerner will attend aston villa 's fa cup semi-final against liverpool at wembley on sunday . the american has hardly seen villa play in person during his nine-year ownership of the club . villa owner is hopeful of concluding a deal worth around # 150million once the season is finished .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with tottenham in the premier league last season . villa boss tim sherwood revived emmanuel adebayor 's flagging career last season , where he scored the opening goal . sherwood has scored six goals in eight games in all competitions .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with tottenham at the end of the first half . the villa manager continued his fine form for aston villa from tuesday 's game . bentaleb and mauricio pochettino scored the goals in the 35th minute of the game .
manchester city are top of the league with six games to go . the slip has n't happened and liverpool are looking strong . theory wins , romance loses . life at the top , as it was then . dejected manchester city players during their 4-2 derby defeat to manchester united on sunday .
paul gascoigne 's goal came five minutes into an fa cup semi-final against tottenham 's arch-rivals , arsenal . the spurs midfielder struck a ferocious shot that has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at wembley . the other main contender for that prize is probably another of his , for england against scotland at euro 96 .
harry redknapp appeared on sky sports ' show the fantasy football club with paul merson . the former tottenham boss was at the emirates as a spectator on april 4 . he claims he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by arsenal fans . redknow is currently out of work after leaving his position as manager .
bayern munich host porto in the champions league on wednesday . the bavarians are without arjen robben , franck ribery , bastian schweinsteiger and david alaba among others for the quarter-final , first leg in portugal . bayern beat eintracht frankfurt 3-0 on saturday .
michael carrick wants to take up a career in motorsport when his playing days are over . the 34-year-old has enjoyed a renaissance as louis van gaal 's side put their stuttering start to the season behind them . carrick is not planning to hang up his boots any time soon , but when he does he says he 'd like to try his hand behind the wheel of an f1 car .
jack wilshere made his long-awaited comeback from injury in arsenal u21 's 1-0 defeat by reading . former arsenal defender martin keown 's son niall scored the eventual winner with a header in the opening minutes of the match . arsenal absentee abou diaby continued his own return from injury .
alexis sanchez has been a smash hit since arriving from barcelona . the gunners are second in the premier league following an eight-match winning run and face reading on saturday in the semi-finals of the fa cup . frank mclintock has praised his debut-season contribution .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in the premier league on saturday . aaron ramsey 's goal against burnley extended the gunners ' record to 16 wins in their last 18 games . arsene wenger admits he could not have predicted arsenal 's impressive run of results .
serge gnabry played 90 minutes for arsenal under 21s on monday . the 19-year-old has not featured since the champions league last-16 second leg against bayern munich in march 2014 . the germany under-21 international is now over his injury worries . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
david ` flats ' flatman has been driving around the rugby world cup venues preparing for the tournament . london 's olympic stadium may not be a traditional rugby ground , but the buzz around the game is palpable . flats on the drive between stratford and twickenham , as he tours around the country visiting the stadiums that will host matches come this autumn .
stuart lancaster and warren gatland meet in aviva premiership . dave ewers impressed up against alex corbisiero . tomas francis is yet to pledge his international allegiance . the 22-year-old qualifies for both england and wales .
sale 's hopes of qualification for next season 's european champions cup were dealt a hammer blow as they went down to a surprising 25-23 defeat at the madejski stadium . sale still remain in seventh position but they lost ground on most of their rivals and have only themselves to blame for this disappointing result .
raheem sterling is stalling on a new # 100,000-a-week contract offer . the 20-year-old has been linked with a number of europe 's top clubs . sterling made his liverpool debut in a premier league defeat against wigan in 2012 . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
john carver says his newcastle players need to relieve pressure on their shoulders with a win against liverpool . the reds have slipped to seven points adrift of fourth-placed manchester city as a result of successive defeats by manchester united and arsenal . the magpies head for anfield on monday evening .
jordan ibe has been absent for the last six weeks after he damaged his knee ligaments during a europa league tie against besiktas . the 19-year-old spent the first half of the season on loan at derby county . liverpool initially thought ibe would be out for no longer than four weeks but they have been careful not to rush him .
daniel sturridge is stalling on a new # 100,000-a-week contract at liverpool . the 20-year-old has been linked with a number of europe 's top clubs . sterling was one of four players at the anfield launch of next season 's new balance kit in front of over 1,000 fans .
real madrid and atletico madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in european competition that brings them level with inter and ac milan . cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema must all be accommodated . the clash of styles is always fascinating .
porto face bayern munich in the champions league on wednesday . julen lopetegui insists the 2012-13 winners still have an enviable amount of talent in their squad . porto have been boosted by the return of jackson martinez . pep guardiola has asked his team to call on ` ambition and imagination ' to cause an upset .
jose mourinho was bobby robson 's assistant at barcelona . he was in his final years as a player at the camp nou at the time . the photo libraries threw up an even better shot -- one of luis enrique , pep and jose in their time at barca .
philippe coutinho is becoming liverpool 's go-to guy , says sportsmail 's jamie carragher . coutinho starred for liverpool in their 2-0 win against newcastle united on monday night . liverpool sold star striker luis suarez to barcelona for # 75million during the summer .
mario balotelli has only scored once in the premier league since his switch to liverpool last summer . the italian striker is set to leave the club at the end of the season . sampdoria have revived their interest in the 24-year-old . eccentric club president massimo ferrero says he needs to go to stadio luigi ferraris to re-discover himself .
wayne rooney believes marouane fellaini has gone from old trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in europe . the belgian has emerged as a potent attacking weapon under van gaal , used as a second striker behind rooney . rooney hailed his belgian team-mate as one of best in world football .
marouane fellaini has emerged as an force to be reckoned with in manchester united 's midfield of late . jamie carragher believes jose mourinho will bring kurt zouma into his midfield to neutralise the french centre back . chelsea face united at stamford bridge on saturday .
mick mccarthy 's ipswich were denied three points as rivals wolves fought back to draw 1-1 on saturday . former wolves boss was delighted with his side 's determined display and he said : ` it was a good performance and a good point . it is very pleasing . ' .
more than 400 extra officers have been drafted in by british transport police with rivals manchester united , liverpool and leeds united all in london this weekend . the force hare been faced with a unique set of circumstances and have acted swiftly to ensure they will be ready to deal with any flashpoints .
manchester city host manchester city at the etihad stadium on sunday . manuel pellegrini has the most difficult job in football , according to west ham boss sam allardyce . the champions spent a combined # 44m on porto pair eliaquim mangala and fernando last summer in a move that has been largely unsuccessful .
leicester face swansea at the king power stadium on saturday . nigel pearson has called for realism in their survival quest . leicester have collected eight points from a testing run of eight games . the foxes have won just once since january , but now have to start turning some gritty displays into more positive results .
emile heskey , 37 , eidur gudjohnsen , 36 , and goalkeeper adam bogdan , 27 , joined on short-term deals in december . neil lennon has also fined midfielders barry bannan and neil danns two weeks wages this week .
paul mcgowan has been handed his third conviction after assaulting a police officer . paul hartley says he will not risk playing the troubled midfielder again this season . the dundee rogue has already ruled him out of the evening matches with celtic at dens park on wednesday .
sean bowen maintained his three-winner lead over cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville in the fiercely contested conditional jockeys title race . the season ends at sandown on saturday . us trainer wesley ward is to aim hootenanny and sunset glow at royal ascot .
dairon asprilla scored in the 79th minute to lift the portland timbers past new york city fc 1-0 . a failed clearance fell to the feet of the net at the top of the box . city have won just one of their seven games and lie seventh .
lyon returned to the top of the ligue 1 table after securing a 2-2 draw from a topsy-turvy rhone valley derby . clinton n'jie handed the hosts the lead midway through the first half before lindsay rose saw red for hubert fournier 's high flyers and max gradel converted from the spot to level matters . st etienne took the lead against 10-man lyon through midfielder romain hamouma .
aston villa owner randy lerner did n't attend wembley on sunday . the 53-year-old had been tipped to make a rare appearance . tim sherwood said : ` i 've not spoken to him yet . my phone is buzzing in my pocket but i do n't know who it is ' .
football in turkey has been suspended for one week following the armed attack on fenerbahce 's team bus . the two suspects were detained early on tuesday and one of them is believed to have followed the convoy while the other fired shots with a rifle at the bus . besiktas ' match against istanbul basaksehir is scheduled to go ahead on monday evening .
manny pacquiao trains with his team at griffith park in los angeles . the filipino-fighter was joined by an abundance of fans as he tested his fitness against the steepness of some mountain roads . the fight is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $ 152million set by that fight in 2013 .
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather meet in las vegas on may 2 . the pair will slug it out at the mgm grand at the beginning of next month . mayweather posted a video of his morning run with the 32-year-old . click here for all the latest boxing news .
ronnie o'sullivan will tackle a crucible debutant in the first round . the five-time winner will face manchester 's craig steadman . steadman visited the theatre to watch his friend nick dyson play ken doherty in 2001 . the tournament runs from april 18 to may 4 .
ken doherty trails mark davis 8-1 after the first session of their third-round qualifier at ponds forge in sheffield . the 45-year-old faces an uphill battle to avoid becoming the third crucible winner to crash out this week . peter ebdon and steve davis having lost in the second round .
snooker star ronnie o'sullivan has openly questioned his commitment to the sport during a career that has brought him five world championship titles . the world no 2 admits that waiting makes his mind wander to whether he 's going to make his dinner or not . ` in snooker you have to sit in your chair and watch some f ***** g numpty poncing about , ' he said .
manchester city lost 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . manuel pellegrini 's men crashed to a sixth defeat in eight games . pablo zabaleta admits confidence is low with sunday 's derby loss . city trail leaders by 12 points , having played a game more .
manchester city were beaten 4-2 by manuel pellegrini 's men . joe hart said city 's bid to retain their premier league title was over . the 27-year-old has even given up on knocking arsenal out of second place . manchester city are four points behind rivals united .
sportsmail 's alternative table shows every club 's total points gained against the current top seven puts louis van gaal top . chelsea , united , arsenal , tottenham hotspur and southampton sit second and third respectively . yet united 's record will be put to the test this saturday .
eathan cruse , 19 , said officers assaulted him after he had been handcuffed . his father , glen , also said he was brutally attacked by police . eathan was released later in the day after his initial arrest . victoria police confirmed a complaint had been made in regards to the treatment of mr cruse .
a nine foot long bull shark was captured swimming past a condo back yard on hikcory island in florida . residents in bonita springs told nbc-2 that sharks began swimming up to their condos about a week ago . they say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - which has been luring the animals back . property owners are now asking the city to designate the area for swimming only , which would outlaw fishing there .
vanessa moe 's debut collection at mercedes benz fashion week australia featured plastic bag-like headwear . a selection of models charged down the runway in masks and headpieces that looked remarkably like sheets of plastic blowing against their faces . other pieces gave the illusion of water being thrown in the models ' faces .
jana pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child . the two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official australian olympic team 's twitter . the 32-year-old plans to compete in both the beijing world championships and the 2016 rio olympics .
manchester united beat united 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . manuel pellegrini and his players began this season with aspirations of defending their barclays premier league title . united 's next two games are at chelsea and everton , and they still have a home fixture with arsenal and a visit to crystal palace to follow .
andy lee will be onto a winner no matter what happens on saturday night . the 30-year-old arrived in new york on a crest of a wave . lee was hoping to make his first defence of the wbo middleweight title he won against matt korobov last year .
josh warrington beat dennis tubieron in leeds on saturday night . the 24-year-old has been billed as the next ricky hatton . warrington admitted he was bored by the end of his fight against the filipino who is now unbeaten in 21 contests .
carl frampton has branded eddie hearn 's fight offer a ` publicity stunt ' . hearn made the offer live on television on tuesday after talks between him and frampton 's promoter barry mcguigan had stalled . belfast 's ibf super-bantamweight world champion has called on the matchroom chief to make him a more realistic offer .
hibs manager alan stubbs did not know what to make of peter houston 's recent post-match comments into an all-out conflict . the hibs boss did placatory -- and followed it with accusatory , as in ` i think you need to ask peter what he said when he came into my office after we got beat 1-0 in the first game ; it certainly was not what he 's said in the press -lrb- on saturday
fiorentina lost 1-0 to verona in the champions league on monday . hellas verona 's head coach andrea mandorlini scored the winning goal . the defeat leves fiore in sixth place on 49 points from 31 games . rafael marquez had no complaints as his side paid dearly .
the 250-piece collaboration included clothing , accessories , and homeware from the designer at target 's lower price point . now officially sold out by the retailer , pieces from the diffusion line have popped up on ebay - but those cruising the bidding site should n't expect to see the same original low prices paid by target customers .
the shop is due to open in mecca in saudi arabia after idea was approved . it is being led by the owner of am existing dutch halal sex shop called el asira . it will stock ` islamically approved ' adult items , according to the international business times .
diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of english clubs in europe . chelsea , arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the last 16 stage , while everton were dumped out of the europa league in the previous round . the are no premier league clubs in the last eight of the competition .
the university of connecticut baseball team has taken on its newest member : 5-year-old grayson hand . hand , who is battling leukemia , joins the huskies with the help of team impact , an organization that matches children with life-threatening and chronic illness to college sports teams . the announcement was made with father nate and mother lauren at his side .
nikki and kyle kuchenbecker from illinois went about perfecting a routine to the toe-tapping pop song , classic by mkto . video footage shows them getting into the groove with an attentive audience watching on . the duo perform a range of moves in time to the beat .
the 45-year-old nba fan has become a celebrity in her own right for her enthusiastic air bongo-playing skills . it 's been a longtime tradition for the conga to play during memphis grizzlies games with cartoon bongos appearing on the giant court tv screen . spectators are then filmed attempting to play the imaginary drums but one competitor who continues to turn heads is mother-of-two , malenda meacham .
the 53-second video , posted on youtube , features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday . about 25 seconds into the clip , the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her . following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy u.s. marshal - grabs her cell phone and throws it away in a fit of rage .
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst . for a short moment he scrapes along the ground on his stomach . finally he comes to a stop and as he lies on his side , he clutches his head in pain .
fc united of manchester beat stourbidge 1-0 at the glazer family 's takeover . the club 's fourth promotion in their short history sees them come within two more of the football league . fc will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium of their own in may , ending a nomadic existence spent entirely on the road .
luke tingey , 18 , became a hit on youtube last month when he scored a sensational 40 yard free-kick against swindon in a 5-3 win for mk dons under-18s . wiltshire , also 18 , is a lively centre midfielder who was included in karl robinson 's first-team squad for friendlies last pre-season .
diego simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to second successive champions league final . argentina won on penalties after a 2-2 draw , which left england down to ten men for most of the match . shearer and paul ince were extraordinary at the end of the 1998 world cup .
italianluigi buffon has played with the likes of andrea pirlo , paval nedved and lilian thuram . real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas is one of the few goalkeeping greats . paolo maldini won the champions league on five occasions .
real madrid drew 0-0 with atletico madrid in the champions league final . cristiano ronaldo could n't find the back of the net . real have not beaten rivals atletico since victory in lisbon . diego simeone 's side have failed to win any of their last seven games .
derby are targeting real madrid coach paul clement to replace current boss steve mcclaren . the rams are hoping to clinch promotion into the premier league via the play-offs . clement is currently a leading candidate to replace mccaren if , as expected , he leaves for tyneside .
joe gomez has played at right back for charlton this season . the england under-19 defender is one of the most wanted young players in the country after his breakthrough season at the valley . city , beaten 3-1 by chelsea in the first leg of the fa youth cup final on monday evening , are determined to sign more young english players .
juventus defender patrice evra says sir alex ferguson told him he would make a great coach one day during his time at manchester united . the 33-year-old enjoyed eight years at old trafford , claiming five premier league titles as well as a champions league winners ' medal .
football shirt friday got into full swing as celebrities showed off their favourite kits in support of the bobby moore fund for cancer research uk . fans were asked to unite against bowel cancer by donning a football shirt -- old or new -- in memory of 1966 world cup-winning captain . moore died from bowel and liver cancer on february 4 , 1993 .
martina hingis will play her first singles match since 2007 on saturday . the 34-year-old will be the fourth all-time behind steffi graf , martina navratilova and chris evert - and is poised to return . radwanksa will be her first match in eight years .
arsenal face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . the gunners lost 3-2 at molineux to eventual winners cardiff in 1927 . reading will do their best to deny the north london club . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
coington silva signed for arsenal from fluminese for # 3.5 m in january 2011 . the 22-year-old has not been able to play for the club without a work permit . wellington can play as a winger or second striker , boosting arsenal 's attacking options with his versatility .
diego simeone may have fretted about losing his street fighter . the atletico madrid striker proved he is a warrior with his performance against real madrid , just as diego costa was . mandzukic came to blows with defenders sergio ramos and dani carvajal .
atletico madrid 's vicente calderon has long been a fortress with no team scoring there in the champions league for 663 minutes . last season the now chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois was the reason for that but now the man keeping the clean sheets is jan oblak . the 22-year-old was already slovenia 's number one when he left benfica for madrid in the summer .
wilfried zaha posted a photo via his instagram account which shows the england international undergoing close-up shots at several different angles . the 22-year-old helped his side defeat premier league strugglers sunderland 4-1 on saturday . zaha has scored twice for the south london outfit as the eagles sit in 11th place in the premier league .
real madrid striker javier hernandez is ready to lead the line in their pivotal champions league quarter-final second leg tie against bitter city rivals atletico on wednesday . the 26-year-old is on a season-long loan from manchester united . spanish papers preview that match and barcelona 's second leg against psg on tuesday night too .
jurgen klopp leads borussia dortmund 's training session as they prepare for a german league match against paderborn this weekend . klopp said he will not be fulfilling the remainder of his contract , which was due to expire in 2018 . he said he believed dortmund needed a change of manager .
bayern munich sporting director matthias sammer believes his side must start focusing on the future in order to cope with the eventual loss of players such as philipp lahm and xabi alonso . the 47-year-old joined bayern 's hierarchy in july 2012 .
ivan novoseltsev popped the question after his side 's 1-0 win against torpedo moscow on monday night . the russia international beamed as his basketball-playing partner said yes . the 23-year-old was capped by his country for the first time last month .
brazilian club ceahlaul piatra neamt have sacked ze maria for the second time in a week . the former brazil defender was fired on wednesday after a poor run . the 41-year-old former inter milan and parma right back capped 25 times by brazil .
benik afobe says he feels ` unstoppable ' as he bids to beat harry kane . the molineux hitman is expected to make his 50th appearance of the season . the striker has scored 31 times for mk dons and wolves . afobe has added 12 more since joining wolves on a permanent deal .
jesper blomqvist helped coach youngsters from manchester united 's street red project . the 41-year-old was a key cog in sir alex ferguson 's treble-winning machine , making 38 appearances in that memorable season following a # 4.4 m switch from parma .
jayne harris , based in shrewsbury , shropshire , said she has received an influx of messages from people describing chest pains , nausea and crippling headaches . some reported flashing visions of ` mental institutions and treatment bordering on abuse ' and overwhelming feelings of anxiety . one woman , who wishes to remain anonymous , even suffered an alleged heart attack .
zlatan ibrahimovic is put through his paces with blaise matuidi and zoumana camara at the nou camp on tuesday night . the sweden international was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against chelsea . the 33-year-old is past caring what other people think of him .
footage was filmed by a witness in an indoor area restricted to workers at king khalid international airport in riyadh . it shows two male employees in blue uniforms recklessly hurling large suitcases onto the belt and against a wall as they unload a truck . for nearly two minutes the men are filmed throwing or flinging several suitcases without care .
goldfinch , a cambridge-based piano maker , took six months to build . the piano was created for an ` influential sheikh ' in doha , qatar . when the light hits the crystals they shine in different colours . the company typically produces pianos priced between # 100,000 and # 1 million .
the 37-year-old presented tennis ace novak djokovic with his sportsman of the year prize . the presentation of the award came during the laureus world sports awards . charlene 's star turn took place in monte carlo instead of a glitzy audience of actors and sports stars .
this year 's vivid sydney festival will feature a maze of lights designed to trick the eyes and boggle the mind . exhibits will still be found at circular quay , the rocks , darling harbour , pyrmont and martin place . vivid starts on may 22 and runs until june 8 from 6pm-midnight each night .
the porn site took over the address after the awards were scrapped in 2011 . organisers allowed its registration on hsbc.com.hk to retire . for that reason , the website 's url address would usually connect to a third-party website transferred visitors to the porn business instead . a spokesman denied the bank had any associations with the external site and offered its apology to the public .
lihi yona filmed the black pup enthusiastically jumping around in time to a water fountain . each time the water sprays , the canine flies through the air . other bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the animal in action . after almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down and he continues to bounce around .
wplg reporter roger lohse was about to finish reporting on an 800-acre blaze in southwest miami-dade when his cameraman pointed out something behind him . as the camera zoomed in , live footage showed firefighters plucking a tiny black kitten from the edges of the smoldering blaze .
the video was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa . the video was originally posted by sydneysider darren johnson following strong storms and tandem heavy swells in june 2012 . some users have referenced the weather as the trigger of the strange phenomenon .
taylor lynn fast , 21 , told police in festus , missouri , that 17-month-old layla was bruised and unresponsive because of the bite . police compared her wounds to those of a car crash victim , and said she was victim to the worst child abuse they had ever seen .
the video , shared by the new york times on monday , will play during the 47 seconds it will take visitors to reach the 102nd floor observatory . houses , churches , markets and bustling ports begin cropping up across lower manhattan as the europeans make the city their home .
sol campbell has threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over # 2million comes into force . earlier this year it was revealed he had taken the apparently bizarre decision to sell a # 20million london townhouse to a company owned by himself . but it is possible the sale took place shortly before , meaning the increased charges would have been avoided .
joshua finbow , 23 , craig stoner , 24 , simon radford , 31 , and darren smalley , 35 , had been playing for the royal navy ice hockey team in a tournament at the shearwater naval base just east of halifax . they were given identical but unusual bail conditions that could see them having to live on a canadian naval base for the next few years . bail was set at over # 2,000 for each of them but they
giorgio armani , 80 , admitted in an interview that he disapproved of women with breast enlargements and men who worked out too much . the milan-born designer has amassed a personal fortune of # 5billion over the length of his 40-year-career , emphasised his appreciation of a ` healthy ' look .
video footage shows corporal james bass of north carolina sneaking up behind his son joshua while he strikes a formal pose in front of a scenic backdrop . the third-grader the finished photo he took , he spots his father pulling jazz hands in the background and turns around to see him standing there .
zinedine zidane is confident paris saint-germain can beat barcelona . the current ligue 1 champions require three goals in the nou camp . zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti will be available again when psg meet barcelona on tuesday .
porto will need to hit top form to advance against bayern munich . julen lopetegui believes bayern remained lethal even though they were missing several big names including arjen robben and david alaba . bayern are also without javi martinez and mehdi benatia .
bonnie and clyde eat together and it seems as though the two dogs may become partners in crime-or ` pawtners ' in dog speak . bonnie was rescued from puerto rico and is a sato , which means mixed breed or street dog . she 'll have food on her plate , and she wo n't have to eat alone ever again .
the black bears were spotted in the government hill area of anchorage several days in a row , nosing through overturned receptacles and putting the neighborhood on alert . residents were warned to keep their distance and make sure pets stayed on a leash in light of the hungry predators . the local council has suggested buying in bear-proof garbage cans in a bid to stop more bears moving in on the area .
jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club t-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs . he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside was shared on social media . he has now begged for his girlfriend bryony hibbert 's forgiveness .
wales are the current holders of the victory shield while england are the most successful country . it is understood the decision has been sped up by sky sports ' move to withdraw funding and propose an altered format . gareth southgate , the fa 's head of national teams at st george 's park , said player development is the key reason .
salford city clinched the evo-stik league first division north title on a poignant 92 points . title rivals darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 with warrington town , meaning the manchester-based club won the title without having to kick a ball . phil neville tweeted : ` party still going !! ' .
southend united beat bury 1-0 at bury on tuesday night . david worrall struck from 25 yards in the 74th minute . phil brown 's late-goal specialists pinched an added-time winner . they were backed by one of their biggest crowds of the season . the open gates saw the club enjoy its biggest home crowd for 18 years .
mk dons beat doncaster 3-0 to keep the heat on preston . dean bowditch had only been on for a few seconds when a clearance by defender mitchell lund hit him on the head and looped into the net . preston remain in pole position to join champions bristol city in the championship .
luke bryant was sat with southampton fans when he ran onto the sidelines of the football pitch during a game at st mary 's . the 25-year-old admitted ` going onto an area adjacent to a playing area ' . stewards quickly led the man away as wenger shows little reaction .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa at wembley in the capital one cup . kolo toure admitted steven gerrard was ` sad ' after the loss . the former ivory coast international said the team was probably more disappointed at not being able to deliver a trophy for fans .
didier drogba has been forced to withdraw from a charity match after picking up an ankle injury that leaves the barclays premier league leaders with no fit strikers . chelsea 's diego costa and loic remy both missed saturday 's 1-0 win over manchester united .
jordan spieth beat his previous best by eight shots last year . the world number one never threatened to claim a first green jacket . mcilroy 's fourth place in the masters is his best finish in seven appearances . spieth won his maiden major at augusta national on sunday .
rose arrived at augusta national having missed the cut in three of his previous five tournaments on the pga tour . the 14-under-par total has only been bettered six times in masters history . rose wants to follow the lead of rory mcilroy , who had a relentless winning streak in the summer of 2014 .
caroline wozniacki shared a video of her first on court interviews as a youngster . the former world no 1 signed off her first by saying : ` see you at roland garros ' . the young dane made her french open debut as a 17-year-old . she will be hoping to go further than the quarter-final best she managed in 2010 when the tournament begins on may 25 .
will stevens has been using the facilities at st george 's park to help him climb the formula one ladder . the 23-year-old was a regular visitor last year as he looked to step up his fitness in preparation for a potential f1 drive . he has access to an exercise bike , treadmill and rowing machine , located in the altitude chamber .
jockey andrea atzeni will ride terror in wednesday 's landwades nell gwyn stakes at newmarket . the 1,000 guineas hope is trained by david simcock . terror finished fourth place in the group one cheveley park stakes over six furlongs at the rowley mile last september .
oliver sherwood has floated the possibility of a rematch with his cheltenham gold cup conqueror coneygree in newbury 's hennessy gold cup . with 11st 9lb on his back , leighton aspell 's mount carried the biggest weight to victory on saturday since red rum won his second national in 1974 at under 12st .
ruby walsh warned riders that balthazar king was receiving treatment . the two-time winner of the national acted as flag man to warn the field to go wide at the canal turn . phillip hobbs ' gelding was able to walk away from his fall , as was walsh 's mount ballycasey .
ap mccoy won the crabbie 's grand national last year . leighton aspell , 38 , became the first rider since bryan marshall . the man who owns both blackpool tower and preston north end has also won the race with hedgehunter in 2005 and ballabriggs in 2011 .
serge betsen thinks clermont 's clash with saracens will be won ... head to heads . wesley fofana was in scintillating form during his side 's destruction of northampton . julien bonnaire may be a flanker and billy vunipola a no 8 .
london welsh have announced a contract extension for olly barkley . the 33-year-old joined the exiles last year , having previously played for bath , gloucester , racing metro , grenoble and the scarlets . he won 23 test caps , the last of which was against new zealand in 2008 .
oscar book tycoon mourad boudjellal has used his chequebook to turn toulon into double european champions -- the gulf between clubs from the aviva premiership and the top 14 is bigger than ever . ireland legend o'driscoll believes the domestic game needs to readdress the balance .
grester said that 31-year-old fitzpatrick had ` experienced a number of concussive episodes ' in recent seasons . medics at the guinness pro12 province referred him to a neurologist , and after tests it was recommended it would be in his long-term interests to stop playing .
marcelo bosch has signed a contract extension at allianz park . the 31-year-old was the hero of saracens ' european champions cup quarter-final victory over racing metro 11 days ago . bosch booting a penalty with the game 's final kick to secure a 12-11 success in paris .
andy goode slammed by wasps team-mate andy goode after he failed to show up to a charity function on tuesday night . goode accused the 23-year-old of having ` bad values ' for dropping out of a fundraising event for the matt hampson foundation . guests were treated to a haka performance by leicester team-mates manu tuilagi and logovi'i mulipola .
jonathan davies says clermont auvergne are ` sharpening the blade ' . the french outfit are now plotting the downfall of the aviva premiership 's second best side . both clubs are going in search of their first-ever european crown . click here for all the latest northampton news .
jeff williams was awarded a full-time sevens contract in 2012 . the 26-year-old helped england win the tokyo sevens earlier this month . he previously played for the hamiltons club in cape town and also had a playing stint in france . england sevens coach simon amor added : ` jeff has been an important member of the squad and brought a real physical edge to our game ' .
the sru have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history . bt had agreed to pay # 20m over four years for the naming rights of murrayfield . the sru insisted the combination of the initial bt investment coupled with the new cash injection from the strip deal had already started to transform scottish rugby .
sachin tendulkar has paid tribute to a ` promising ' indian cricketer . the 20-year-old had passed away after suffering a cardiac arrest . keshri colleded with a team-mate as they both attempted to take a catch . he was only playing as a substitute fielder having been the 12th man .
england hung on for a draw on an unresponsive pitch in antigua last week . colin graves upped the stakes before the tour started by declaring the hosts ` mediocre ' and promised ` some inquiries ' if england did not win the series . bell says he never expected england to win in the series without a struggle .
liam livingstone plundered 34 fours and 27 sixes in his remarkable 138-ball innings . the all-rounder has yet to make his first-team debut for the red rose . lancashire believes the innings is the highest-ever individual score in a one-day match .
alex hales was unbeaten on 222 not out as the home side reached 393 for seven by stumps . the england international scored his runs from 250 balls , with 37 fours and a six and having shared in a third wicket stand of 171 with james taylor , who scored 59 . taylor was a perfect foil for his world cup team-mate , content to play the supportive role in reaching his own 50 from 89 balls .
england must decide whether to stick with the attack that failed to force a first test win or twist and freshen things up for a second test . liam plunkett and mark wood impressing in the nets on sunday . moeen ali has joined up with the england squad after missing the first test in antigua through injury .
kevin pietersen trudges off the bowling of craig meschede . the surrey batsman fell for 19 after appearing to be ready to build on the 170 he made against oxford students last week . the 34-year-old hopes to be batting against australia in the first ashes test this summer .
mark selby plays a shot in the first round match against kurt maflin . the 31-year-old from leicester rocked ronnie o'sullivan in last year 's final . no first-time champion in sheffield has returned to retain the trophy 12 months on .
caster semenya reclaimed the south african 800-meter title on saturday . the former 800 world title-holder and 2012 olympic silver medalist won in 2 minutes , 5.05 seconds in stellenbosch , near cape town . semenya 's winning time was just over four seconds off the qualifying mark for the worlds in beijing in august .
mark selby won the world snooker championship at the crucible in 2014 . the world champion will have to negotiate both if he is to make history . jimmy white told sportsmail : ` he has got one of the biggest talents i have seen in the game he could absolutely murder anybody ' .
michael phelps claimed 100 metres butterfly victory at the arena pro swim series in arizona . the 18-time olympic gold-medallist was suspended by usa swimming for failing a drink-driving test . phelps will miss this summer 's world championships in kazan , russia .
liam phillips plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in rio full of confidence . the 26-year-old from burnham-on-sea won the 2013 bmx world title and was the world cup series champion in 2014 . the somerset ace would dearly love to reclaim the world title he won in auckland two years ago at this year 's world championships in belgium .
british olympic chief bill sweeney insists the association worked ` really hard ' to keep aaron cook on board . cook was overlooked for the great britain taekwondo squad at london 2012 . the 24-year-old has already received his passport from the small eastern european state .
arsenal lost 3-2 to middlesbrough at the riverside stadium on monday . deyan iliev was sent off inside 15 minutes after he scythed down harry chapman in the box . emmanuel ledesma converted the resulting penalty past substitute stopper matt macey .
juan mata scored the only goal of the game as louis van gaal 's six-match winning run came to an abrupt end . chelsea opened up a 10-point gap over closest rivals arsenal . mata claims his side can be proud of their performance during the game .
tony pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the premier league with more than 12 months experience . the 57-year-old has never finished higher than 11th . west brom 's home defeats against qpr and leicester city have left them stuck on 33 points .
hull head to southampton on saturday without a win in five games . steve bruce hopes the unpredictable nature of this season 's top flight will continue into the final weeks . liverpool , arsenal and manchester united still due to visit the kc stadium . mcgregor was at fault for the opening goal in the 3-1 defeat at swansea .
leicester beat swansea 2-0 at the king power stadium on boxing day . leonardo ulloa scored his first premier league goal in 647 minutes . esteban cambiasso will surely be named leicester 's player of the season . click here for all the latest leicester news .
newcastle owner mike ashley has been urged to invest in the club . thousands of newcastle fans boycotted the club 's last game , a 3-1 defeat at home to spurs on sunday . unofficial estimates have put the actual attendance for the defeat at significantly lower levels .
alan pardew 's five-game winning run was crucial to newcastle 's season . pardew quit for crystal palace at the end of december . newcastle were seven points off fourth and 10 from danger . the gap to fourth has extended to 29 points on which they will probably be enough to renew their top-flight status .
crystal palace beat sunderland 3-0 at the stadium of light on saturday . yannick bolasie scored a hat-trick in just over 10 minutes . the crystal palace boss came for revenge and left having inflicted a humiliating defeat as newcastle manager in tyne-wear derbies .
sam allardyce is out of contract at west ham at the end of the season . the 36-year-old has been touted as a potential replacement . west ham are four points better off than the hammers . garry monk has also earned plaudits for the way swansea have played this season .
dele alli picked up the young player of the year award on sunday . the 19-year-old has yet to feature for spurs having been loaned back to his boyhood club . alli has been key to karl robinson 's side , scoring 16 goals in 41 appearances .
ryan hardie scored a brace as stuart mccall 's side beat dumbarton 3-1 . the former celtic full-back 's last goal was also against rangers . he netted the hoops ' winner in a controversial scottish cup quarter-final replay at parkhead in march 2011 .
rangers are currently third in the scottish championship . stuart mccall insists it will not be a major disaster if his side are forced to play two extra games to reclaim their premiership return . the gers are one-point advantage over hibernian and a six-point cushion .
stewart regan insists dave king faces a challenge to convince the sfa he is a ` fit and proper ' person to be chairman of rangers . king has delayed the process of nominating himself as chairman until he can persuade the governing body 's professional game board that 41 convictions under south african tax law are not a breach of sfa regulations .
attention is already turning to next season at liverpool . unless one of the top four falter dramatically in the final six premier league games of the season , liverpool will also miss out on champions league qualification . brendan rodgers needs to reinforce his squad , and sportsmail assesses liverpool 's chances of landing five of their main targets .
the eighth wonder of the world is nearing completion in the seventh tier of english football . in a park in the middle of a working-class suburb east of the city centre , builders are putting the finishing touches to fc united of manchester 's broadhurst park . there are no pyramids , hanging gardens or light houses but there is a sweeping terrace , a series of football pitches and floodlight pylons .
tehsin nayani 's book , ` the glazer gatekeeper : six years speaking for manchester united 's silent owners ' . challenges popular perception about the us bosses who succeeded in a debt-burdening # 800m takeover in 2005 . son joel glazer refused to believe united fans could ` hate ' them .
premier league clubs looking for players at barcelona and real madrid this summer will find a team 's worth . bara want to blood young players from their b-team out on loan at higher leagues because their second string is likely to be playing third division football . wonder martin odegaard will probably stay for another year but there will be no shortage of suitors for the 27-year-old if he does decide he 's had enough .
arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny had more than one reason to celebrate on saturday . the 25-year-old was joined at his home by family and friends as well as one of his favourite rock bands , ` lemon ' , who delivered a private performance . arsenal beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final on sunday .
john carver has found himself the target of angry fans who are disillusioned with mike ashley 's running of the club . results on the pitch have not helped carver 's cause , but the problems at newcastle run deeper than a boss who has been left with a depleted and disinterested playing squad . united 's supporters will protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from billionaire ashley .
sam allardyce has fired a warning to full back aaron cresswell . the 25-year-old has had a fine debut season in the premier league . but the west ham star should look at jack rodwell and scott sinclair as examples . he wrote in his evening standard column : ` what makes players like him attractive to big clubs is that he is home-grown ' .
johann gudmundsson is joined by his charlton teammates as they celebrate his equaliser at the valley . the icelandic winger departed the club more than a decade ago but his every touch of the ball was greeted by a chorus of boos . ross mccormack headed over a stranded stephen henderson with just eight minutes played in london .
mauricio pochettino believes harry kane and ryan mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since they returned from england duty . kane has been one of the stars of the premier league , scoring 29 goals in all competitions for tottenham .
juventus beat monaco 1-0 at the juventus stadium on tuesday night . massimiliano allegri 's starting line-up had an average age of 30years . andrea pirlo played 74 minutes against monaco before being replaced by team-mate andrea barzagli .
ashley young feels he has an important role under louis van gaal . the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa . young says easing himself in was only natural when he had to meet his new team-mates and get used to a different dressing room .
amir khan has admitted he does not know who he will fight on may 30 . reports in america suggested television network showtime were not interested in showing a fight between him and algieri . khan said he will not be fighting adrien broner despite the brash american calling him out on twitter while miguel cotto was another name ruled out .
manny pacquiao took time out of his busy schedule to hang out with saved by the bell actor mario lopez . the filipino appears to be in fine fettle ahead of his highly-anticipated showdown against floyd mayweather . mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing .
tim krul and jermain defoe are lesser stars than moore and pele . the newcastle keeper 's instinctively friendly gesture towards the man who had just scored a brilliant goal past him took place with 45 minutes yet to play . sportsmail 's jamie carragher has lambasted him for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional .
tomas berdych advanced to the semi-finals of the monte carlo masters for the third time on friday . milos raonic retired with a foot injury due to a troublesome foot injury . raonic will face grigor dimitrov or gael monfils , and top-ranked novak djokovic will face marin cilic .
rafael nadal beat john isner 6-4 7-6 -lrb- 7/5 -rrb- , 6-2 in the monte carlo masters . the world number three will face grigor dimitrov in the last eight . nadal will now face novak djokovic in the semi-finals .
world no 9 grigor dimitrov beat stan wawrinka 6-1 , 6-2 . the swiss no 2 played like he was in a hurry - and not in a good way . the world no 11 will meet frenchman gael monfils in the quarter-finals .
chelsea are weighing up a move for west ham striker enner valencia . the blues have been weighing up various strikers with loic remy struggling to maintain fitness and didier drogba turning 37 last month . bamford has just over a year left on his deal at stamford bridge .
patrick bamford scored in middlesbrough 's 2-1 championship win over wolves on tuesday night . the 21-year-old has been prolific in his loan spells at boro , derby and mk dons , so much so that sportsmail understands his parent club are opening talks with him over a new deal . he will also be given the chance to impress jose mourinho on chelsea 's summer tour although at the end of it he is expected to go
arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . wojciech szczesny has been deposed as arsenal 's no 1 . arsene wenger confirmed the goalkeeper will play ahead of david ospina . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
steve clarke insists his reading side must be ` perfect ' to have any chance of beating arsenal at wembley . reading have struggled in the championship this campaign . arsene wenger 's side are the in-form side in the premier league going into their fa cup semi-final on saturday .
steve clarke wants scheduling of matches in england to improve . the premier league match between chelsea and manchester united is also scheduled to be televised . reading beat bradford in the last round but face a much tougher task when they face arsenal at wembley on saturday .
jessica ennis-hill , mo farah and greg rutherford take part in the sainsbury 's anniversary games . all three won their gongs on super saturday three years ago in the heptathlon , 10,000 metres and long jump respectively . they return to the olympic stadium as part of a three-day extravaganza involving some of the world 's finest athletes .
adrian heath is manager of the newest mls team orlando city . former everton and manchester city midfielder responds with good humour . frank lampard has signed a two-year contract with new york city . steven gerrard will join la galaxy in the summer after spending 17 seasons at liverpool .
nbc have transported their entire premier league production from their hq in stamford , connecticut , to england . last season that was 32 million -- or more than one in 10 people in the us . nbc host rebecca lowe has helped to improve coverage of the premier league in america .
sergio aguero fine-tuned his finishing skills with some shooting practice . manchester city face west ham united at the etihad stadium on sunday . the 31-year-old was criticised by sky sports ' gary neville and graeme souness after city 's loss at manchester united .
atletico madrid beat new york city fc 0-0 in the champions league . david villa spent a year at vicente calderon last season . the world cup-winning star has been named club captain . villa is enjoying life in the big apple and has played for atletico .
six of united 's first-team squad and six from city are from spain or spanish-speaking countries . david de gea , victor valdes , juan mata , ander herrera , marcos rojo , angel di maria , willy caballero , pablo zabaleta , martin demichelis , sergio aguero -lrb- all argentina -rrb- , jesus navas and david silva
ronda rousey reinforced her support for manny pacquiao in his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather . the pacman posted an image of the pair expressing his gratitude to the fast and furious 7 star on his twitter page after a visit in los angeles . ` truly honored to meet such a humble and genuine person . thank you @mannypacquiao for welcoming us into your home ' .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 . the american holds an open workout for the media . the session will be streamed across the world and you can watch it here from 12am uk -lrb- 7pm edt -rrb- .
manny pacquiao takes his turn at the iconic wild card gym in los angeles . the filipino icon will be put through his paces under the watchful eye of trainer freddie roach . mayweather was almost two hours late for his workout . click here for more boxing news .
manny pacquiao has shown off his musical talent by singing about the struggles in the philippines . the filipino boxer is joined by several of his compatriots as he sings and performs in ` i 'm fighting for filipinos ' . the 36-year-old was recently spotted training at griffith park in los angeles .
floyd mayweather 's fight with manny pacquiao is expected to draw revenue of around $ 400m -lrb- # 6,800 -rrb- . the referee of the eagerly-awaited contest will net $ 10,000 with kenny bayless and tony weeks both frontrunners . both men are hard at work in their preparations for the mega fight in las vegas in less than three weeks .
floyd mayweather rang his car dealer at 3am to order a bugatti . the # 1.5 million valued super-car was delivered just 11 hours later . obi okele was interviewed on mayweather 's facebook page . he said : ` the most challenging thing i 've ever done for floyd is ' .
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit ahead of mega-fight . in a new video released by the champion 's ` money team ' , mayweather 's personal chef reveals that he loves his snacks , swapping healthy food for sweets and fizzy drinks on ` snack day ' .
theo walcott has got just over 12 months left on his current # 90,000-a-week contract . the 26-year-old has attracted interest from manchester city and liverpool . gunners boss arsene wenger has said negotiations have taken place . walcott is scheduled to sit down with gunners chiefs over the next fortnight .
atletico madrid have stopped fretting about departures because they have good reason to be confident in the people that run the club . sergio asenjo became david de gea , became thibaut courtois , who looks to have become jan oblak . diego costa was sold to chelsea but replaced by mario mandzukic .
philipp lahm has given former bayern munich team-mate owen hargreaves an insight into the meticulous approach of manager pep guardiola . the world cup winner was speaking to the bt sport pundit as part of a special documentary ` inside bayern ' . the bayern chairman praised his predecessor jupp heynckes , who masterminded a bayern treble in 2013 before retiring from coaching .
atletico madrid beat real madrid 1-0 at the vicente calderon on saturday . miranda has lambasted serbian referee milorad mazic . the brazil defender has said officials from ` lower leagues ' should not be allowed to referee high-profile games .
mario mandzukic appeared to be punched and bitten by daniel carvajal . the atletico madrid striker was on the receiving end of a number of hits from real defenders , even having his face cut following a ramos elbow . scholes has criticised the striker for over-reacting to the challenges made on him .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 0-0 at the vicente calderon on tuesday . cristiano ronaldo was confronted by a supporter at the end of the draw . bale was often the brightest of real 's front three but his miss was still the clearest .
real madrid drew 0-0 with city rivals atletico madrid on tuesday . the spanish papers were also quick to praise ` dazzling displays ' from raphael varane and arda turan for real and atletico . barcelona face paris saint-germain in the french capital on wednesday .
yannick bolasie scored three as crystal palace shoved sunderland closer to the drop zone . hull city remain in danger following a 2-0 loss at southampton . tim sherwood returned to white hart lane and beat the club who ditched him last summer . brad guzan made a number of important saves to keep the spurs challenge at bay .
wilfried zaha has rediscovered his form at crystal palace this season . the 22-year-old was signed by old trafford boss sir alex ferguson in january 2013 from crystal palace for # 10million . zaha made just four appearances for manchester united in two years with the club .
eric cantona was speaking to the media at the shanghai grand theatre . the 48-year-old said : ` porn is not so aesthetic and so beautiful ' . cantona has defended the film , saying it is ' a work of art ' and not a porn film as some have said .
lionel messi is the best player in the world , according to eric cantona . the argentina international has three goals and five assists this season . cantona was speaking at the laureus world sports awards in shanghai . the former manchester united forward said : ` pastore can do things that surprise you every time ' .
eric cantona was speaking at the laureus sports awards in shanghai on tuesday . the former united captain believes the red devils can win the league next year too under louis van gaal . cantona said the onus they put on developing young players in their academy gives them the edge over city in the long run .
chris maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for sheffield wednesday . the owls held bournemouth to a draw on their home turf . kieran lee sucker punch , levelled through yann kermorgant and then had a man sent off .
eddie howe was at a loss as to why his bournemouth side were not awarded a ` clear-cut ' penalty in their 2-2 draw with sheffield wednesday . the cherries looked on course for a return to the top of the championship going into stoppage time after yann kermorgant and matt ritchie scored . but it was the failure of referee paul tierney not to give the hosts their 16th spot-kick of the campaign in the 65th
paris saint-germain midfielder marco verratti has hailed his team-mate zalatan ibrahimovic for playing an ` essential ' role for the french club . the 33-year-old has bagged 17 ligue 1 goals for laurent blanc 's side this season .
porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final . julen lopetegui has masterminded an unbeaten champions league campaign for porto this season . the 48-year-old had only managed two seasons at club level with rayo vallecano and real madrid b before impressing as coach .
napoli beat wolfsburg 3-0 in the first leg of the europa league quarter-final . gonzalo higuain and marek hamsik put the visitors firmly in control . manolo gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing hamisk from the bench .
petr cech has fallen behind thibaut courtois in jose mourinho 's pecking order . the czech republic international is expected to leave stamford bridge this summer . the 32-year-old has won three league titles , four fa cups and the champions league at chelsea since joining in 2004 .
jurgen klopp is leaving borussia dortmund after seven seasons in which he has won two bundesliga titles , the german cup and reached the champions league final , in 2013 at wembley . klopp was emotionally charged during the press conference as he could n't resist showing his sadness .
todd phillips , a front-outside tire changer for dayle coyne racing , was injured when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone . dracone""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
arjen robben has missed his side 's last three games for bayern munich . the holland international is expected to miss the upcoming champions league tie against borussia dortmund on april 28 . robben said he has felt ` physically disabled ' during the last few weeks .
alvaro arbeloa , asier illarramendi and nacho have given adidas an exclusive tour of their state-of-the-art training complex . real madrid 's first-team stars have a room where they can shoot hoops , play games consoles and relax . each player has their own personalised room in the complex , which is part-owned by the council .
manchester city have defended price hikes after some fans saw the cost of their season tickets almost double . some fans will now have to pay over # 1,700 to watch manuel pellegrini 's side , up from just # 885 . city claim the change is due to upgrades which have come in during the stadium 's expansion .
david silva receives an elbow to the face by the on-rushing cheikhou kouyate in the second half . the spaniard was caught right on the cheekbone and has been taken to hospital to be assessed . west ham manager sam allardyce believes the incident was ` accidental ' .
russia have been awarded a 3-0 walkover victory while montenegro have been hit with a stadium ban . one of those matches suspended for two years - while fining the nation # 36,280 . during the game , russia goalkeeper igor akinfeev was struck by a lit flare .
arsenal beat man-of-the-match ashley young 's cross in the fa cup . juan mata was released by wayne rooney and the spaniard ran through to shoot between hart 's legs . chris smalling showed his hunger to beat a lethargic city defence .
chelsea beat chelsea 3-1 in the fa youth cup final first-leg on monday . manuel pellegrini and head of youth development patrick vieira were in attendance to watch the club 's under 18s side fall to a defeat . kompany witnesses a loss as city take a strong lead in the final .
leonardo jardim was furious after his side lost 1-0 to juventus . the controversial decision will add to calls for the use of video replays . the spot kick was awarded after juve 's alvaro morata got clear of ricardo carvalho as the striker chased a long ball forward from andrea pirlo .
fc tokyo forward yoshinori muto would be the first japanese player to sign for chelsea if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer . jose mourinho is adamant that commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy . fc president naoki ogane claims that the blues have made a bid for japan international muto .
chelsea beat ipswich town 's daryl murphy and watford 's troy deeney to win the championship player of the year award at middlesbrough . patrick bamford hopes his long-term future will be at stamford bridge . the 21-year-old has scored 17 championship goals this season .
sheffield wednesday chief executive paul aldridge will leave the club at the end of next season . adam pearson and glenn roeder have previously worked at west ham , leicester city and manchester city . chairman dejphon chansiri said the trio would form ' a three-man sporting director by committee ' at hillsborough .
newcastle lost 3-1 to spurs in the premier league on sunday . mike ashley has been accused of making newcastle a ` boring ' club . jamie carragher says he 's alarmed at what has become of newcastle . the sportsmail columnist says ashley only wants to make money .
moeen ali has been named as an honorary ambassador for liverpool 's official fan club in pakistan . the 27-year-old has been called up for england 's final two tests in the west indies . ali posted pictures with liverpool players raheem sterling and emre can on his twitter account .
bangladesh beat pakistan by 79 runs in the first one-day international in dhaka . tamim iqbal and mushfiqur rahim scored centuries as bangladesh made 329 for six and pakistani could only muster 250 in reply . banglades will have the chance to level the three-match series on sunday .
four tries and a total of 30 points from josh mantellato broke bradford 's hearts as hull kr avoided a potential ladbrokes challenge cup banana skin . rovers twice came from behind , trailing 12-0 in the early stages to the kingstone press championship heavyweights .
aaron murphy scored twice in a seven-try romp as huddersfield beat catalans dragons 38-14 . former wakefield wildcats star murphy has now scored six tries in his last five appearances . murphy , player of the month for february and march , went over in the left corner on 15 minutes from jake connor 's pass .
gary cahill is yet to win the premier league since joining chelsea in january 2012 . the england defender has won four cups with the stamford bridge outfit since joining in 2012 , including the champions league , but believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet . he believes that jose mourinho 's side learnt some difficult lessons during last season in the league .
psg host barcelona in the champions league quarter-final on tuesday . zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti were swept aside in their own stadium last week by a lethal luis suarez . thiago silva joins thiago motta among the injured and david luiz is also a fitness doubt .
paris saint-germain star javier pastore has dismissed eric cantona 's suggestion that he is the greatest footballer on the planet . pastore believes lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo are a class above him . psg face barcelona in the second leg of their champions league tie on tuesday .
sean reardon was stopped by police as he drove through chico in california . claims he was wrestled to the floor by two police officers who hit him with a baton or stick . it is likely to inflame tensions in america about police brutality after a number of high profile incidents of beatings and fatal shootings have been caught on camera .
the tour down under is a big part of the international cycling season . it contributes more to the south australian economy than the f1 grand prix -lrb- formerly adelaide-based -rrb- . sian meets team sky 's geraint thomas and sir chris hoy at the start of the tour .
eddie hearn has insisted his # 1.5 million purse offer to carl frampton comes with no strings attached , but efforts to make a super-fight with scott quigg remain deadlocked . frampton 's promoters , cyclone promotions , released a press release in response to the offer , claiming they were awaiting formal communication from hearn 's matchroom sports . matchroom boss hearn said the two boxers to fight remain tied to sky sports .
andy lee is making the first defence of his wbo middleweight belt against peter quillin in new york on saturday . the irishman is confident he is ready for anything the former champion has in his locker . lee won the world title against matt korobov last year .
kit dale , a two-time world pro brazilian jiu-jitsu champion from melbourne , australia , shared the image to his facebook page on sunday . by wednesday , the image had been liked by 370,000 facebook users and had been shared more than 45,000 times .
bridget olinda garcia , 32 , from port st. lucie , florida , confiscated her 13-year-old 's mobile phone and was leaving the house with his three siblings . garcia started reversing down her driveway , when the teenager jumped on the hood . the teenager fell off and injured his hip , right knee and foot .
women are demanding their own ` she sheds ' , places at the bottom of the garden they can call their own . they are commissioning sheds in a range of styles from beach huts and gypsy caravans to mock tudor pavilions with tiled floors . some have gone one step further and installed a diner in theirs .
lilly leas , 26 , managed to buy a floral-printed hammock online , but only because she set an alarm . the palm beach realtor told the sun sentinel that her mother , who died in 2013 at the age of 81 , ` would have loved the fact that everybody wanted to get something , a piece of lilly ' .
new video , the ` perfect ' body , examines just whether conforming to society 's standards is the key to happiness . cassey 's youtube channel , blogilates , has over two million subscribers , so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments left under the california resident 's fitness videos still manage to get under her skin .
virgil van dijk is absent from the shortlists for this season 's player of the year . ronny deila now describes as the worst of his career . dundee 's simon ferry tussles for possession with celtic 's james forrest .
the stingray was free diving four metres beneath the ocean on rottnest island off the coast of western australia . johnny debnam , 29 , says he felt completely at ease with the stingray , although he was aware of the risks . mr debnam says he relished every minute of the wonderful experience .
barcelona beat psg 2-0 -lrb- 5-1 on agg -rrb- to advance to the champions league semi-finals . luis enrique 's side coasted past paris saint-germain to take up a semi-final place in the copa del rey final . former defender eric abidal says the current crop are on their way .
everton midfielder steven pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season limiting him to just 11 appearances . the 33-year-old midfielder returned to action from his latest setback in the 1-1 draw with swansea city earlier this month . he has made 11 appearances for the toffees this season .
danny welbeck has been in superb form for arsenal this season . the former arsenal man has played in a semi-final as well as an fa cup final . arsenal face reading in the fa cup semi-finals on thursday night . the gunners beat manchester united and his fa cup dreams .
chelsea have turned to the latest fitness technology to carry them over the line towards the premier league title . the blues are currently seven points clear with a game in hand over their closest rivals and seven games remaining . jose mourinho 's side is leaving nothing to chance as players hit the gym following the announcement of a partnership with wellness solutions provider technogym .
manny pacquiao used instagram to show his fans a photo of his ripped body . the filipino boxer is looking to put an end to floyd mayweather 's current unbeaten record in the ring . mayweather is expected to earn a staggering $ 180m from the pay-per-view fight .
radamel falcao spent thursday evening in the company of jonas gutierrez . the on-loan forward has been linked with paris saint-germain , juventus and valencia in recent weeks . the 29-year-old is currently commanding # 280,000 a week in wages .
raymond van barneveld won ` the battle of holland ' against michael van gerwen . the reigning premier league darts champion started well and found himself 2-0 up , before van gergh began to score high and leveled the legs up . robin van persie took to instagram to show that he was watching his fellow dutchmen go head-to-head .
former australia cricket captain and commentator richie benaud died last friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer . tony abbott had extended the offer of a state funeral to benaut 's wife , daphne , which she declined . benaud 's memorial booklet , titled ` remembering richie ' , included a few words thanking the guests .
newcastle united beat newcastle 3-1 in their premier league clash at st mary 's . nacer chadli , christian eriksen and harry kane 's 30th of the season condemned them to a 10th loss in 14 . newcastle players join jack colback as the hard-working midfielder pounces on a loose ball in the penalty area .
sergio aguero scored his 20th league goal of the season as manchester city beat west ham 2-0 at the etihad . jesus navas provided the assist for james collins as the hammers took on west ham in the first half . the visitors went on to lose silva to serious injury in the previous eight games .
real madrid closed the gap on barcelona to just two points at the top of la liga . cristiano ronaldo missed a penalty but provided goals for sergio ramos and james rodriguez . madrid kept within touching distance of barcelona leaders barcelona . real had chances to overcome a spirited malaga .
fifa vice-president jim boyce claims the sfa were ` entirely wrong ' in their move to ban josh meekings from the scottish cup final . the inverness caley thistle centre-half will learn on thursday whether he has been successful in challenging the one-match suspension offered by compliance officer tony mcglennan .
divock origi signed for liverpool from lille for # 10million last summer . the 20-year-old impressed for belgium at the world cup in brazil . origi has received messages from members of the club 's management team to let him know they are monitoring his progress .
fifa and uefa have strict rules aimed at protecting member federations ' independence in running their own affairs . the greek government wants to stamp out incidents such as this in a march aek athens-olympiakos match . the bill will be initially reviewed by the cultural affairs committee from april 27-30 .
david moyes waved goodbye to manchester united a year ago . the supremely confident louis van gaal has propelled united back into the top four , despite an up-and-down season . united lost seven of their 19 league games at old trafford last season . click here for all the latest united news .
the 50-year-old collapsed just after ordering breakfast at the rooftop restaurant in the tourist town of kuta . he was unable to be revived , but a doctor at the scene said that it was likely he died of a heart attack . an autopsy has still to be carried out to find the exact cause of death .
the outdoor car park at the terminal was closed after authorities were alerted to the blaze just after 8am on thursday . the red 4wd was fully engulfed in flames when authorities arrived and witnesses reported seeing fire spewing from the bonnet . the fire caused traffic delays throughout the international terminal due to heavy smoke .
tegan peters , 22 , from auckland new zealand said she immediately wanted to warn her pakuranga community after finding a tennis ball deliberately covered in sharp pins . ms peters said she noticed the ball as she was driving past and decided to pull over , thinking it could be a good present for her one-year-old rottweiler-cross odin . she then shared it with animal welfare pages in the area to alert people in case there were more of the `
michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears before she was handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla . footage shows the little girl reaching down to feed the hungry canine and chuckling with delight when he snaps the treat up .
carlo ancelotti and diego simeone were runners-up behind joachim low at the ballon d'or in zurich . the pair have already lost the spanish super cup to atletico madrid at the start of the season . the duo have been knocked out of the copa del rey by his nemesis .
an airport luggage conveyor belt has a novel way of separating bags . as the suitcases whizz round on the belt , out of nowhere a mechanical arm slams into the bags and thrusts them onto a lower track . the mechanism appears to work on a sensor system , ensuring it strikes out at the centre of the luggage so as to not spin it .
announcing your big vacation on facebook while you 're away can be the highlight of a holiday for some . but sunseekers are being warned that it could also invalidate their home insurance if they get burgled while they are away . insurers are increasingly checking people 's social media accounts following a break-in to see if they would be away from the property .
warren sapp was arrested the night after the super bowl in phoenix , arizona , on a prostitution charge after an alleged incident involving two women . sapp , 42 , cries , cackles and confesses about what exactly went down back on february 2 in the renaissance hotel . in the video obtained by tmz , sapp admits he paid for oral sex and that ` everyone got naked ' after he ` put $ 600 on the table ' in his hotel room .
ron aydelott , head coach for the riverdale high school warriors in murfreesboro , tennessee , suffered serious facial injuries in the attack . the 17-year-old alleged attacker became violent after he felt ` disrespected , ' reports news channel five network . the student was arrested by a school resource officer and charged with aggravated assault .
sergey burkaev , 16 , and konstantin surkov , 17 , are said to have raped their last victim . they doused all five bodies in petrol and set them alight at a flat . pair apparently fled in a stolen car but were arrested by traffic officers . if convicted , surkov and surkov face life in jail .
the man , who has not been named , fell onto tracks in washington , d.c. , tuesday afternoon . surveillance footage recorded at the u street station , on the green and yellow lines of the metro system , recorded the swift rescue . it is unclear exactly what sent the electric wheelchair tumbling over the edge of the platform .
paul warren smith , 61 , was identified as the man in a white marshall independent school district van seen in surveillance video tossing five puppies over a six-foot fence at the humane society on saturday . in the video , the man is seen pulling the five puppies from a cardboard box recovered from the back of the van and flinging them over the fence in a manner that makes it unlikely that they landed on their feet . the society is taking applications for the pups .
flight from madrid to manchester had been due to land at 11.25 pm on friday . but by the time they arrived three hours later , they disembarked to find an empty arrivals hall at terminal 3 . border force claim that a number of passengers were checked by officers on their arrival into manchester airport .
a driver in a silver mercedes was n't prepared to wait in the queuing traffic on the m58 around switch island in merseyside . but to his shock , a silver renault then pulls into the inside lane to block the mercedes from advancing any further . the pair can be seen pointing and shouting at each other but despite their argument , neither driver lets up .
david cameron hit back at presenter andrew marr after being left baffled by questions during an interview on sunday . mr cameron promised at the weekend that he would ` take to the streets ' to defend the tory record and urge voters to reject both labour and ukip .
videoed outside by its owner tracy , the young german shepherd named kali bounces about the decking playfully . is at a complete contrast to its adopted mother , who watches the puppy while relaxing on the floor . after keeping a close eye on kali , the puppy drops its ball and chases .
the 20-day-old ` spider goat ' was born with four forelegs and two hind legs . it has become a star animal in china since it was born 20 days ago . owner xiao qibin said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily with ` an extraordinary appetite ' .
virgil van dijk wants his side to bounce back and win the spl title . celtic lost 3-2 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . manager ronny deila had targeted the treble in his first season . the hoops can reopen an eight-point lead over aberdeen on wednesday .
patrick bamford hopes to become chelsea 's answer to harry kane next season . kane got his chance because tottenham 's expensively imported striker roberto soldado disappointed . middlesbrough boss martin samuel 's brilliant column on jack grealish .
raheem sterling was videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide . the england international will face at club investigation over why he was taking the legal high , which is also known as ` hippy crack ' . the video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out .
porto lost 6-1 to bayern munich in the champions league on tuesday . the porto team bus was met with a cacophony of noise from porto supporters proudly chanting about their club . the squad were given a heroes reception as they arrived back in portugal . jackson martinez and ricardo quaresma were one of many porto players who looked perplexed as they were hugged by fans .
james milner has interest from liverpool with brendan rodgers keen to fill the vacuum created by steven gerrard 's departure . milner is frustrated by reports suggesting that he has already outlined a move to anfield . the england midfielder has made just 13 premier league starts from 31 games .
chelsea are looking to beat manchester city to sign nathan . the attacking midfielder has been in contract dispute with his club . chelsea have a strong brazilian contingency with the likes of willian , ramires , filipe luis and oscar at stamford bridge .
tony pulis has had scouts monitoring targets in france as he believes they represent better value with bryan dabo . the former lyon trainee has been capped at various levels by france including u21 . west brom are weighing up the possibility of signing nice forward and ex-lyon trainee alassane plea .
italian newspaper corriere dello sport claim juve have a plan in place to sign edinson cavani as they look to partner him with fellow south american carlos tevez . cavani played for italian sides palermo and napoli before joining psg in a # 50million deal in 2013 .
memphis depay has scored 19 goals in 25 league games this season . the manchester united target has been tipped to join one of europe 's big boys after impressing in the eredivisie . louis van gaal is said to be in the race to sign the 21-year-old .
valencia midfielder andre gomes has been linked with manchester united and chelsea in some quarters . the 21-year-old has netted four times in 25 la liga appearances since leaving benfica last summer . gomes insists he is happy to stay with valencia and ply his trade .
manchester united checked on lazio 's felipe anderson and gonzalo higuain of napoli on wednesday night . the brazilian midfielder has been in strong form this season . napoli will not sell cheaply and value the 27-year-old at # 40million .
chelsea have made an offer for fc tokyo 's 22-year-old forward yoshinori muto , according to club president naoki ogane . the japan international will join chelsea 's dutch partner club vitesse arnhem on loan next season if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer . muto has earned 11 caps for his country after signing his first professional contract in 2014 .
women typically take and delete five pictures before settling on a selfie . ukip leader nigel farage poses with some young voters while out canvasing . survey found men are also guilty of taking multiple selfies before they post one they like . two in three women feel anxious just having their photo taken .
retired policeman spencer bell , 71 , had bravely ventured on to the motorway . but as he tended the victim , alan tretheway , 67 , was struck by a toyota . mrs shahzad , 32 , pleaded guilty to causing mr bell 's death by careless driving .
the incident happened on an unregistered road between the a417 and cowley in gloucestershire . the driver had followed his sat nav and ended up losing the roof of the lorry suspended in the air between a hedge and a tree . police say they are considering pursuing the driver for a driving offence .
peralta scored in the 89th minute to earn america a draw against the montreal impact in the first leg of the concacaf champions league final . the second-half substitute headed home a cross from argentine midfielder rubens sambueza . ignaciio piatti had put the impact ahead when he converted andres romero 's ball in early first half .
marc tierney is poised to announce his retirement on thursday . the 29-year-old fractured his ankle playing against yeovil in september 2013 . tierney started his career at oldham athletic in 2003 . he spent another four years at shrewsbury , with one of those a loan spell at colchester united .
newcastle beat aston villa 2-1 in the premier league on monday . siem de jong played 72 minutes for the club 's under-21s . the 26-year-old has only made one league start this season . peter beardsley 's side face swansea at st james ' park on saturday .
abou diaby 's contract expires in june and talks over his future will not commence until after the season . arsene wenger has hinted he could offer the frenchman a new contract . the 28-year-old has suffered in-excess of 42 injuries since signing for the gunners in 2006 .
martin skrtel has been linked with a move to wolfsburg and napoli . the slovakia international has made over 200 league appearances for the reds since arriving in 2008 . the 30-year-old has rejected the rumours linking him with a switch away from anfield by declaring he wo n't be leaving the premier league side .
liverpool must stick with manager brendan rodgers as he is the right man to take the club forward , believes former reds striker stan collymore . rodgers saw his team dumped out of the fa cup semi-finals by aston villa on sunday followed defeat at the same stage of the capital one cup by chelsea .
david silva was caught in the face by an elbow from west ham 's cheikhou kouyate . the 29-year-old was carried off on a stretcher and taken to hospital . tests revealed silva had suffered no fractures and the club were hopeful he could make swift return to action .
aston villa and reading have been charged by the football association . both clubs have until thursday to respond to the charge . west brom expressed their ` deep concern ' for the safety of the players . reading lost 2-1 after extra-time on saturday to arsenal in the fa cup final .
david silva was caught in the face by an elbow from cheikhou kouyate . the spaniard was taken to hospital but the club allayed fears over his condition on monday by confirming nothing had been broken . manuel pellegrini given his already lengthy injury list .
floyd mayweather jnr 's sparring partner jeremy nichols gives a mock interview as manny pacquiao . the filipino meets undefeated mayweather in a $ 300million mega-fight at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 . mayweather uses a -200 c kriotherapy chamber to help his recovery from training .
tomas berdych beat gael monfis 6-1 , 6-4 to reach the final of the monte carlo masters for the first time in his career . the sixth-seed won just 11 points in a lopsided first set before the frenchman changed his strategy . monfils failed to build on the momentum , though , dropping his next service game as his hopes of becoming the first french player in 15 years to make the final at the country club vanished .
frankie dettori will be left to focus on the british flat season this summer . boss sheik joaan al thani signed up gregory benoist to ride the horses which race under his al shaqab banner in france . treve will continue to be partnered by veteran thierry jarnet .
saracens lost back-to-back european and domestic finals last year . mark mccall 's men must lick their wounds and refocus their efforts on the aviva premiership after coming up short against clermont . northampton capitulated against the same opponents a fortnight ago .
england centre brad barritt will captain mark mccall 's side against clermont auvergne on saturday . owen farrell has recovered from a knee injury and has been named on the bench for the big clash . saracens are undefeated in the european cup semi-final .
zimbabwe have reportedly agreed to travel for a short one-day international series next month . no tourists have played in pakistan because of security fears since the terrorist attack on sri lanka 's team bus in lahore in march 2009 . six policemen and two civilians died , and several of the tourists were injured .
west indies captain denesh ramdin confirmed devendra bishoo will play in tuesday 's second test . wrist spin has long been a bete noire for england batsmen . the quirk has been passed down the dna since shane warne dominated the old enemy for more than a decade .
former england captain mike gatting believes kevin pietersen should not walk straight back into the international set-up . the 34-year-old has returned to the lv = county championship in a bid to stake a claim for an england recall . england were held to a draw in the opening test of a three-match series against west indies last week .
england captain alastair cook is not concerned about his failure to hit a test hundred since may 2013 . the three half-centuries cook made in his last four test innings of last summer count for little now as his battle to prove he remains the best man for the job nears crunch time . england could not have done much more to force victory in antigua on a pitch deader than monty python 's parrot but their failure to beat west indies has made the
point guard stephen curry scored a stunning 34 points for the golden state warriors in there play-off game . the warriors did it by taking a 25-point lead into the final minute of the third quarter . curry led the warriors with 34 points , hitting 13 of 25 shots and four three-pointers .
barry hearn has rubbished rumours the betfred world championship will leave sheffield . this year marks the 40th anniversary of snooker 's most prestigious tournament at the crucible theatre . the rocket , a five-time champion , is worried whether his game is up to scratch for this year 's event .
british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin won the grand prix at the world cup in las vegas . the 29-year-old recorded a score of 85.414 percent to finish clear of dutchman edward gal with american steffen peters in third .
scott sinclair is on loan at aston villa from manchester city . the winger has scored three goals in 10 games for villa . joe cole believes villa can beat arsenal in the fa cup final on may 30 if they repeat their performance from the semi-final against liverpool .
manchester united and liverpool target danny ings insists he is aiming to play and develop wherever he ends up next season . ings has scored nine premier league goals during his debut season . the burnley striker has been linked with moves to borussia monchengladbach and david moyes ' real sociedad .
fernando torres has played with some great players over the years . the on-loan atletico madrid striker regards steven gerrard as the best . torres spent three-and-half-seasons at liverpool and struck up a close friendship with the former england captain .
jonas gutierrez was dropped from squad for sunday 's 3-1 defeat to spurs . the argentinian has twice beaten testicular cancer . sources close to gutierrez say he was axed following a heated exchange with john carver . the 31-year-old had earlier posted a message on twitter saying that he was not injured .
harry childs , jack hutchins , dean foreman and bradley pack sentenced for football-related disorder last year . incident occurred on february 1 , 2014 following a 3-3 draw between qpr and burnley at loftus road . burnley fans confronted a number of burnley supporters after their match .
sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton u21s beat blackburn rovers 2-1 on monday . the 19-year-old has not even been named in the matchday squad since the arrival of koeman . ronald koeman was in the crowd and gallagher says he hopes he impressed him .
jermain defoe posted a photo via his instagram page which showed him enjoying a game of basketball . sunderland are in the middle of a premier league relegation battle as they struggle for form at the wrong end of the season . defoe arrived at the stadium of light in january following an unsuccessful time in the mls with toronto fc .
dick advocaat has never been relegated during 28 years as a manager . the black cats have won just one in nine and end their season with trips to arsenal and chelsea . sunderland were beaten 4-1 by crystal palace on saturday and are three points above the relegation zone .
sunderland beat newcastle 4-0 at the stadium of light on saturday . steven fletcher and jermain defoe ca n't hide their disappointment . dick advocaat had watched from the comfort of his home in holland . the congolese forward had earlier laid on the opener for glenn murray .
nelson oliveira is on-loan at swansea from portuguese giants benfica . the 23-year-old has recovered from a training-ground ankle injury . gomis has been ruled out for between three to four weeks after being injured in the early stages of last weekend 's 1-1 home draw with everton .
dele alli has set his sights on playing for england under 20s at the toulon tournament next month . the 19-year-old 's impressive performances for milton keynes dons earned him a dream move to the premier league with tottenham hotspur . alli 's 14 goals have helped keep them in touch with the automatic promotion places in league one .
bayern munich beat porto 3-1 in the champions league second round . pep guardiola 's trousers and kurier report on a ` fixed ' bayern . the reaction in portugal was more damming after porto 's humiliating demolition . porto had three strikes to overturn to the deficit , before going on to notch another three , reaching five at half-time .
fifa president sepp blatter met russia president valdimir putin on a world cup visit on monday . blatter said the 2018 world cup will be his 10th after more than 40 years working for football 's world governing body . the 79-year-old swiss said he would tell the russian leader he was pleased with the progress the country was making on the world cup .
manchester city sporting director txiki begiristain checked on porto pair yacine brahimi and alex sandro on tuesday night . sandro , a 24-year-old brazilian left-back , is wanted by juventus too . city are currently fourth in the table with 64 points from 33 games .
harry redknapp says tottenham have not made any progress under mauricio pochettino this season . spurs are almost certain to miss out on champions league football . harry kane , nabil bentaleb and ryan mason have been pushed out to the fringes .
tottenham beat newcastle 3-1 in the premier league on sunday . harry kane became the first spurs player since gary lineker to reach the 30-mark with a late strike in his side 's barclays premier league victory at newcastle . mauricio pochettino is convinced kane can improve further .
aston villa are chasing cordoba striker florin andone . the 22-year-old romanian has scored six goals in 16 games for the struggling spanish side who are rooted to the bottom of la liga . andone is valued at around # 6million but cordoba 's relegation may lead to them taking less .
former premier league referee mark halsey has slammed the fa 's decision to put jon moss in charge of the fa cup final instead of mark clattenburg . former premier league official said the english game would be a ` laughing stock ' over the decision to ignore clattigenburg . halseado also said the fa would prefer martin atkinson to go to euro 2016 .
martin odegaard 's week got worse when real madrid 's 16-year-old wonderkid who cost # 2.3 m was refused a rating by spanish newspaper . the norway international was substituted after 65 minutes against tudelano with the club 's second team a goal down . as note the starlet was whistled by supporters zinedine zidane .
martin odegaard has been dropped from the club 's b-team castilla . the 16-year-old picked real madrid over liverpool and manchester united at the start of the year . he is thought to be on wages of around 40,000-a-week after real spent # 2.3 million to acquire his services .
cristiano ronaldo returned to real madrid 's valdebebas training ground . the 16-year-old scored twice in wales ' 3-0 win against israel in haifa . he is the youngest player to start a euro qualifier when he faced croatia on saturday evening .
aston villa boss tim sherwood showed his softer side by replying to 6-year-old charlie pye . the villa fan would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football , a wwe wrestling figure and some sweets . sherwood has guided villa six points above the relegation zone .
tim sherwood turned up for training at aston villa 's bodymoor heath complex on tuesday . the villa wide man wore an outrageously flamboyant shirt and trouser combo . shay given certainly was n't a fan of n'zogbia 's flowery ensemble .
defender per mertesacker believes arsenal have become a stronger unit from their fa cup success of last season . the gunners head into the tie on the back of a superb run of form . the atmosphere around the club is certainly a world way from the tense finale to the 2013/14 campaign .
everton host west bromwich albion in the premier league on saturday . manchester city host tottenham hotspur in the fa cup semi-final . newcastle united host toffees in the semi-finals of the competition . click here for all the latest premier league news .
arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england . klopp announced earlier this week he would end his seven-year stint at borussia dortmund when the current season draws to a close .
david seaman pulled off one of the most iconic saves in fa cup history against sheffield united at old trafford . the 51-year-old revealed to the daily mirror that the save was the best of his career and topped his penalty heroics at euro 96 for england . seaman warns his former side that they should n't underestimate reading .
oscar has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since february . the brazil international has insisted he is happy at stamford bridge . the 23-year-old is determined to stay and become mourinho 's main man . click here for all the latest brazilian news .
joe calzaghe and girlfriend lucy took to the sea for a jet ski and a swim . the couple enjoyed a jet-ski session before the rain came down . they retreated to a single sun lounger where they sipped beer . the pair were not ready to give in , however .
floyd mayweather is the richest sportsman in the world , nicknamed ` money ' as much for his ostentatious displays of wealth as his actual bank balance . earlier this year mayweather posted a picture to various social media sites showing him stood in front of a fleet of super cars and a private jet .
manny pacquiao sang the song ` lalaban ako para sa filipino ' before releasing it on his facebook page on monday . the so-called ` the nation 's fist ' will be played ahead of the richest fight in history against the undefeated american at the mgm grand on may 2 .
danny ings is a top target for manchester united and could be set for a summer move to old trafford . brendan rodgers tried to sign the striker in january but burnley were intent on keeping him until the end of the campaign . ings has scored nine goals so far in his first season in the premier league .
radamel falcao moved to manchester united on a season-long loan . the former atletico madrid striker has struggled to reach the heights he achieved before suffering a serious knee injury . louis van gaal 's side will have to pay # 46million to make him transfer permanent .
phil taylor squandered a 4-2 lead to lose the next five legs . the defeat for taylor sees the 54-year-old finish the opening set of round robin fixtures in fifth . chisnall moved him up to second in the table after gary anderson drew with raymond van barneveld .
dutch darts duo michael van gerwen and raymond van barneveld 's current form could n't be further apart as they head into premier league darts ' ninth leg in manchester on thursday . the pair posed with compatriots manchester united stars daley blind and robin van persie at old trafford on wednesday .
brendan rodgers will remind raheem sterling of his responsibilities . the liverpool youngster has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide , also known as ` hippy crack ' , and on sunday was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe . liverpool manager rodgers now says he will take time to talk to sterling .
england 's new top three had all succumbed to a west indies pace attack seemingly inspired by bowling coach curtly ambrose . tony cozier , the most respected of caribbean broadcasters , had said ahead of this series that graves ' words might well inspire the home side . the last time england played a test at the sir viv richards stadium , it was abandoned after 10 balls because of an unplayable outfield .
the daily telegraph in australia had a special tribute edition with the headline ' a marvellous innings ' next to a striking image of benaud during the 1961 ashes series . the weekend australian went with ` the voice of our endless summers falls silent ' . the world has been paying tribute to benaud , who died on friday .
alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici in extra time . it was a routine shot from sanchez but the reading stopper failed to collect it properly in his grasp . reading had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to take the tie to penalties .
alan pardew was in charge of newcastle from 2010 to january this year . he was booed every time he ventured to the touchline amid a toxic atmosphere inside st james ' park . newcastle fans are planning to boycott today 's game at home to spurs in protest at what they see as a lack of investment .
ashleyout.com had urged fans to boycott the game and several hundred gathered outside of st james ' park before kick-off . there they called for billionaire ashley to quit the club and unfurled a banner , ` nufc -- balance sheet champions -- 2008-2014 ' . supporters are upset at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from the club .
manchester city beat west ham 4-2 at the etihad stadium on saturday . james collins and sergio aguero scored for the hammers . joe hart 6 -lrb- 28th -rrb- was rarely called into action by a toothless west ham .
rafa benitez is set to leave napoli this summer . the former chelsea boss will have a host of clubs after his services . he was made interim manager in 2012 but it 's fair to say the fans never warmed to him . rafa also managed to get a better return from fernando torres .
winston reid says west ham no longer suffer from a fear of facing manchester city as they prepare to visit the etihad stadium on sunday . the hammers defender says he and his team-mates no longer dread facing manuel pellegrini 's side . city had won their last five games against west ham in october .
yaya toure 's agent has called manchester city boss manuel pellegrini a ` weak manager ' . dimitri seluk has claimed the club are trying to make toure a scapegoat for bigger problems behind the scenes . toure has been linked with a move away this summer .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on sunday . jose mourinho says he was unfazed by his side 's staggeringly low possession stat during the match . the blues manager says his team 's priority was to win the game and not concern themselves with statistics .
real madrid manager carlo ancelotti has moved to deny rumours he is about to leave the santiago bernabeu this summer . the 55-year-old has been linked with a return to the premier league . marca lead with the headline ` high risk ' as la liga 's top four sides barcelona , real , atletico madrid and valencia all play within six hours of each other on saturday .
asmir begovic has been linked with a summer move to real madrid . the bosnia international has been one of the premier league 's most consistent keepers . mark hughes has played down reports of begovic leaving the brittania stadium . the 27-year-old is also hopeful stoke will wrap up the signing of moha el ouriachi from barcelona .
cristiano ronaldo has been presented with a special shirt to mark his achievements by club president florentino perez . the 30-year-old scored the landmark goal against rayo vallecano on april 8 and only trails raul -lrb- 323 -rrb- and alfredo di stefano . real madrid host malaga this weekend as they look to narrow the gap between themselves and barca at the top of la liga .
manny pacquiao 's conference call about his fight with floyd mayweather was cancelled on monday . the filipino was on the call from los angeles for what was supposed to be his last question and answer session before he arrives in las vegas next week . promoter bob arum blamed technical difficulties for the cancellation .
luis suarez opened the scoring for paris saint-germain in the sixth minute of the premier league season . the uruguayan then doubled the lead in the second half with a curling header . luiz then doubled psg 's lead shortly after half-time with a header from a corner . suarez added a second for the hosts with a second-half header .
barcelona president josep maria bartomeu has told lionel messi that he would like the argentine star to stay with the club until he retires . messi was linked with a move away from the nou camp earlier this year after a reported falling out with the board . suarez scored twice after a neymar opener at the parc des princes last week .
barcelona face paris saint-germain at the nou camp on tuesday night . luis suarez admitted he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside neymar when he joined the club . suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions but most importantly he has found the net in key games .
barcelona president josep maria bartemou says the club are ` very happy ' with luis enrique 's performance . the 44-year-old took only charge of the club last summer . bartomeu refuted these claims and says he 's impressed with how the manager has performed .
radamel falcao joined united on a one-year loan deal in september . colombia striker has failed to shine during his time at old trafford . vadim vasilyev claims manchester united bosses have yet to decide whether they will sign him on a permanent deal in the summer .
coach leonardo jardim believes monaco 's march to the champions league quarter-finals is proof that clubs do not have to splash the cash in order to achieve european success . four years have passed since dmitry rybolovlev 's takeover prompted a slew of big-name arrivals at the stade louis ii .
arsene wenger accepted his side were ' a bit lucky ' to beat reading . the gunners will head back to wembley on may 30 aiming to defend the trophy . reading drew level on 54 minutes when garath mccleary 's volley was deflected past goalkeeper wojciech szczesny .
floyd mayweather has shared a video flaunting his diamond-encrusted watches , fleet of super-cars and carpets of cash on his instagram account . the 38-year-old boxer is expected to earn around # 120million for his upcoming bout against manny pacquiao .
jordan henderson is set to sign a new long-term contract at anfield . the liverpool vice-captain had 14 months remaining on his current contract . the 24-year-old is the third big player in brendan rodgers ' squad to agree a contract extension .
rafa benitez admits he tried to raid former club chelsea to sign andre schurrle before the midfielder joined wolfsburg in january . the napoli boss also admitted to trying to sign ivan perisic and luiz gustavo before their january departures to wolfsburg from borussia dortmund and bayern munich .
chelsea boss jose mourinho has the best clean sheets percentage record . benitez has 13 more , 114 from 254 matches with liverpool and chelsea . mancini retired at old trafford with 359 shut-outs and clean sheet percentage of 44.4 per cent . cheliverpool have only conceded a stubborn 120 times under his guidance .
werder bremen edged past bottom club hamburg sv 1-0 . franco di santo converted his spot-kick for his 13th goal of the season . the former chelsea and wigan forward was sent off as new hamburg coach bruno labbadia made a losing return to their bench .
simon mignolet has backed divock origi to be a success at anfield . the 19-year-old was voted the second most overrated player in a poll by france football . origi has endured a difficult spell in ligue 1 - scoring just seven league goals this campaign .
atletico madrid are in talks to sign palermo 's paulo dybala . the argentine has also been linked with arsenal and chelsea . the 21-year-old has scored 13 goals in 30 matches this season . julen lopetegui masterminded their 3-1 champions league win over bayern munich .
juventus have made a move for paulo dybala , according to reports in italy . the palermo striker has been linked with a transfer to manchester united and arsenal . barcelona continued to resist real madrid 's charge to overturn their four-point deficit atop la liga .
juan mata scored in manchester united 's 4-2 derby win on april 12 . joe hart has been lamenting the premier league champions ' fall from grace . the england goalkeeper says city have ` let themselves down ' this season . manuel pellegrini has come under increasing pressure at the etihad .
ap mccoy won the melling chase race at aintree on friday . gordon elliott trains cause of causes , a gelding owned by jp mcmanus and one of the mounts he could have taken in the race instead of shutthefrontdoor . don cossack 's only defeat in six runs this season came when he did not show his best .
anderson silva will meet with taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year 's olympics in rio de janeiro . the 40-year-old brazilian posted a photo of himself practising him on twitter . silva is currently suspended by ufc after failing drug tests .
england cricket board gave flower the confusing title of technical director of elite coaching after he renegotiated a new role at significantly lower pay after resigning as team boss following the last ashes whitewash . flower is now running the england cricket academy at loughborough and working with young players in a coaching role .
bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has quit the bundesliga club in the fall-out of their champions league defeat by porto . the 72-year-old is renowned as a world leader in his field . his son kilian , peter ueblacker and lutz hansel have also resigned .
jessica ennis-hill admits juggling motherhood with her olympic aspirations poses a big challenge . britain 's golden girl of athletics is ready to step back on the track nine months after the birth of son reggie and next month she will take on katarina-johnson thompson .
tatyana chernova failed a drugs test two years before beating jessica ennis-hill in south korea in 2011 . the russian anti-doping agency issued a backdated ban and annulled her records from 15 august 2009 to 14 august 2011 . ennis : ` i 'm not happy about how the ban has been handled ' .
eugene in the united states has been awarded the rights to host the 2021 iaaf world championships . the decision was taken by the international association of athletics federations council , who decided to bypass the usual bidding process . the 2007 world championships held in osaka , japan was also awarded .
psv eindhoven have confirmed united have made enquiries for holland international depay as have paris st germain . liverpool hope to convince depay that he would get more regular football with them but their qualification for the champions league could be crucial to the 23-goal winger choosing them over united . psv value depay rejected a # 14million bid from tottenham last summer .
ander herrera has been hailed as the one player who could take over scholes ' mantle of creating and scoring goals from midfield . the spaniard has scored seven goals in 26 appearances since his # 28.8 million arrival from athletic bilbao last summer . herrera said : ` there will never be another scholes . he was a one off ' .
jessica carey had her husband aaron carey tattoo a childhood portrait of her grandmother on her arm . it showed her grandmother as a young woman , with long red hair , wearing a smart blouse and jacket . along with the inking , she had also brought her two children with her as an additional surprise .
real madrid host atletico madrid at the santiago bernabeu on wednesday night . carlo ancelotti has hailed his players as the best in the world . luka modric , gareth bale and karim benzema are put through their paces .
mario mandzukic is still bruised from a physical champions league quarter-final first leg against real madrid . the croatian suffered a cut to the top of the nose from an elbow by sergio ramos and dani carvajal punched him in the stomach . atletico madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg which was dominated by second half scraps .
real madrid face atletico madrid in champions league quarter-final . dani carvajal was on the end of some tough love from team-mates sergio ramos , isco and nacho during training . madrid will be without karim benzema for wednesday 's match .
bastitor roxambops , aka roxy de la rosa , posted the pictures this week . the traveller went on a trip of a lifetime to see the amazon rainforest . but he missed seeing adorable sloths and monkeys in the wild . he was due to take an intrepid jungle hike , naturally he slept through his alarm .
shaheen pirouz from denton , texas , filmed her tiny pet canine being propped up and repeatedly falling forwards . footage shows him being positioned on his back legs , with his eyes immediately starting to close . he then flops over to one side as he falls into a deep sleep .
labour 's football-mad scottish leader jim murphy scored the winning goal in the friendly match against the tories in edinburgh . today 's match was organised to help motor neurone disease campaigner gordon aikman in his fight against the terminal condition . labour narrowly won 3-2 , with mr murphy scoring the goal .
adam johnson was charged with three counts of sexual activity with an underage girl and one of grooming . the 26-year-old was considered a prospect for roy hodgson as recently as a year ago . johnson scored seven goals in seven games during a run for sunderland .
manchester city have been accused of trying to relocate disabled fans by hiking up season ticket prices . the 283 per cent rise comes after it emerged city were increasing the cost of some season tickets for able-bodied fans from # 870 to # 1,700 . they claim the premier league champions are trying to force migration to other parts of the etihad stadium as part of a wide-ranging re-seating plan .
spanish side aston villa could sign florin andone for as little as # 2.5 million . the romanian has scored six goals in 17 games for the struggling spanish side this season . villa have held talks over 22-year-old andone earlier this week .
josh meekings has been cleared to play in the scottish cup final . an sfa panel kicked out a charge of deliberate handball during sunday 's semi-final against celtic . the inverness defender was subsequently cited by tony mcglennan for denying an opposing team an obvious goalscoring opportunity .
southampton host tottenham in the premier league on saturday . mauricio pochettino 's first return to st mary 's adds extra spice to a match . ronald koeman says his players must remain focused on european qualification . wanyama 's claims that arsenal were interested in his services .
frank knight settled before court proceedings with the owners of the championship 's basement club . supporters up and down the country have reacted to that by raising close to # 15,000 in under three days . knight is a lifelong fan of the seasiders and was ordered to apologise for posting a disparaging status online this time last year .
juventus beat lazio 2-0 at the nou camp in serie a on saturday . carlos tevez drove juve into the lead in the 17th minute . leonardo bonucci added the second 11 minutes later . the italian media were quick to lavish praise upon tevez .
daniel sturridge was left in stitches by an impersonation of michael owen . the england striker met up with comedian darren farley as part of an exclusive promotional video to showcase the tv coverage of the match by bt sport . farley specialises in mimicking a number of anfield stars both past and present .
cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi will go head-to-head in the champions league . the planet 's best footballers have scored eight times in europe this season . shakhtar donetsk 's adriano has netted on nine occasions this term . the 27-year-old is only the second player to score five times in a champions league game .
javier hernandez scored the winner for real madrid against atletico madrid . patrice evra was part of david moyes ' failing side last season . cristiano ronaldo , carlos tevez , paul pogba and gerard pique have all made the semi-finals in their former club 's absence from the competition .
kurt zouma was deployed in a defensive midfield role against manchester united specifically to stop marouane fellaini from continuing his good form at stamford bridge . jose mourinho gave an insight into his instructions after the game . the big belgian has shone under louis van gaal in recent weeks .
zinedine zidane believes eden hazard excites him more than cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi . the real madrid reserve boss was unashamed in his praise for hazard . hazard only tied the belgian down to a new five-year deal in february .
josh meekings was cited for the handball missed by officials in the semi-final against celtic . the caley thistle boss says he felt so repulsed by the gut-wrenching predicament being endured by his young defender . hughes will be allowed to appear in scottish cup final after his ban was dismissed .
al rayyan stadium is inspired by sand dunes and its design has been produced by uk-based architecture firms ramboll and pattern . fans in the stands will sit in a comfortable 24-28 degrees celsius , while paths and walkways will also be cooled . the new stadium , set to be completed in the early months of 2019 , now has a more traditional look than mooted .
football & the first world war tells the story of a controversial match played on the same day thousands of allied troops were killed in a german chlorine gas attack near ypres , belgium . on friday it will be 100 years since 50,000 gathered at old trafford to contest a controversial fa cup final .
chelsea travel to the emirates on sunday to face their nearest rivals arsenal . jose mourinho 's side are 10 points clear of second-placed arsenal . oscar hopes that winning the premier league can kick-start a period of dominance in the english football for the blues .
jockey blake shinn rode his pants off in the opening race of a meeting in sydney . the elastic in mr shinn 's pants gave way , exposing his backside to punters track-side . acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it in his time in racing .
jonathan pitre , 14 , has epidermolysis bullosa - or ` butterfly skin ' . he must be bathed and bandaged every day . his skin is as fragile as a butterfly 's wing . unless a cure is found , jonathan will only live to 25 .
the video was filmed in moon park , odessa , in southern ukraine . it sees film-makers hide in the bushes while the ` vampire girl ' preys . after the video went viral , an odessa television channel tracked down some of the victims seen running for the hills in the clip .
mila kunis has responded to the impending lawsuit with a tongue-in-cheek video , claiming they were going to file a lawsuit against kristina karo because of injuries suffered while being forced to watch her music video . on wednesday the story broke that the 31-year-old was being sued for $ 5,000 by a woman claiming to be her former childhood friend . but within hours kutcher had posted a video pointing out some of the holes in karo '
jordan henderson has signed a new long-term contract with liverpool . the 24-year-old is ` over the moon ' after signing a new five-year # 100,000-a-week contract . the club 's vice-captain puts pen to paper on a deal which will keep him at liverpool until 2020 .
terri hernandez is opening up about the bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son 's murder trial . the interview comes just days after he son was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole on after he was convicted of lloyd 's killing . lloyd refused to comment on the story , saying she no longer wished to speak about her son .
the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads . as a train pulls up , both the victims and some of the suspects appear to get on the same carriage .
san bernardino county supervisors approved the settlement with 30-year-old francis pusok in a closed meeting . pusok 's arrest was recorded by a tv news helicopter and has led to an fbi civil rights investigation and 10 deputies being placed on leave pending an internal probe . the officers then start to assault pusok , and later claimed that his taser had been ineffective due to his loose clothing .
the enormous 20,000 square foot mansion in the ritzy suburb of barrington is opulent and private . it took five years to build the house , which sits by two lakes in eight acres of manicured gardens . the sophisticated five bedroom , nine bathroom french country-style estate that serves as a glamorous backdrop to the hit show empire .
police were called to an industrial site in wetherill park , west of sydney , shortly after 11am on thursday where they worked to release three men . they had been unloading or loading timber when it fell on them . two men died at the scene as a result and the surviving man was taken to nearby fairfield hospital in a serious condition .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in their premier league clash on saturday . pep guardiola broke the dramatic atmosphere with a moment of sartorial comedy . the german club 's manager would n't be the only famous face guilty of stepping into a suit that is a little on the snug side .
michelle obama was so flattered by anya brodie 's compliment that she asked her up on stage so that she could give her a big hug . ` say that again ! give her the mic , ' flotus told the moderator . ` you 're too young for a 51-year-old ! ' replied the little girl .
youtube user lionel hutz filmed his young son chasing the family feline around the garden in a bid to get some rest . footage shows the cat licking his fur before his human friend comes along and plonks himself on top . after a brief moment of stillness , the cat immediately gets up and scurries over to another spot .
whoever snatched a seal or sea lion pup from a los angeles beach early sunday . witnesses said four people wrapped the pup in a blanket and left in a car around from dockweiler state beach . but a companion pup that escaped and was later found on the beach is a sea lion .
` first of its kind ' equipment , developed by elbit systems , will be able to detect activity at a distance using a series of sensors . these sensors were so precise there would be ` no false alarms ' . decision comes after israel considered more than 700 proposals aimed at combating a tunnel threat .
spartak moscow have been fined and their fans barred from two away games after the club lost its appeal against sanctions for a racist banner . spartak was fined 200,000 rubles -lrb- # 2,500 -rrb- over the incident , which took place during the team 's 1-0 russian premier league loss to arsenal tula earlier this month .
a nine-year-old girl was attacked by a lion in namtsy , siberia . the lion was being walked around by a worker for a circus . the circus is believed to have abruptly left the village after the attack . it has not been confirmed how badly injured the girl was .
the collision is being dubbed the ` craziest rear-end collision in the country ' . pictures and videos of the scene were posted to weibo , china 's equivalent of twitter , and quickly went viral . it 's unclear whether or not this is a military tank serving the state army .
liverpool host west bromwich albion in the premier league on saturday . brendan rodgers has backed himself to improve the club next season . the reds welcome adam lallana back to the fold for the game . jordan henderson is set to make his first appearance since signing a new five-year deal at the club .
marouane fellaini picked steven gerrard as the best passer he has played against in an official club interview for manutd.com . the belgian put to one side manchester united 's rivalry with their north-west rivals to heap praise on the reds captain for his range of passing . united face everton this sunday with a vital three points at stake .
southampton host tottenham hotspur at white hart lane on saturday . ronald koeman has praised the work of his predecessor mauricio pochettino at the club . the former argentina defender ended a 16-month stint on the south coast last summer to sign a five-year deal .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino would like harry kane to be rested at the end of his breakthrough season . kane has been in superb form this season , netting 30 goals for the club so far . spurs and england have been in talks for some time without reaching an agreement .
tottenham defender kyle walker faces a further four weeks on the sidelines . the england defender had not broken his foot but faces another four weeks out . walker will miss tottenham 's next four premier league fixtures but could be fit in time to return for the last day of the season .
andrea dossena will face no further action after being accused of shoplifting in harrods . the 33-year-old hit headlines around the world when he was arrested at the knightsbridge store on april 7 . he last turned out for the relegation-fighting os in the champions league .
liverpool are showing interest in borussia dortmund striker ciro immobile . the italian has not had the best of times in the bundesliga following his move from torino last summer . dortmund are expecting further departures with manchester united keen on mats hummels and ilkay gundogan .
jordon ibe is set to sign a new five-year contract with liverpool . the 19-year-old has agreed terms on a deal which will keep him at anfield until 2020 . ibe spent the first half of this season on loan at derby county . he is expected to return against west brom this weekend .
brendan rodgers is under pressure at liverpool after a third straight season without a trophy . former liverpool defender jamie carragher shared a beacon award for his community work on tuesday night . the 37-year-old has provided coaching in eight schools in deprived areas of merseyside through his 23 foundation .
jack grealish is the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide . the 19-year-old inspired tim sherwood 's team to their fa cup semi-final triumph over liverpool on sunday . the selfie was taken in a hotel room about six months ago following a night out .
teresa bullock captured the clip at her house in ohio on the birthday of her 18-year-old macaque monkey named angel . the video shows the monkey sitting up on a sink having its eyebrows plucked with a pair of tweezers . its owner then proceeds to apply what looks like moisturizing cream , eye-liner , mascara and finally , red lipstick .
edinson cavani is a target for manchester united but looks set to stay in paris . psg are thought to have doubts about the future of star striker zlatan ibrahimovic and should he leave they would certainly want to keep cavani . nasser al-khelaifi has ruled out selling cavani this summer .
tottenham are chasing highly-rated german midfielder julian weigl . the 19-year-old has been earning rave reviews in germany 's second division playing for 1860 munich . weigl was captain of the club until he was suspended after going out with team-mates for a late drinking session .
nike have been forced to defend their new kits for the us women 's national team . the latest design features an all white strip with hints of black and yellow - while the aqua colour cleats are a tribute to canada . charlie brooks , nike 's vice president of north america communications , has defended the company 's decision not to promote the ` stars and stripes ' .
a trucker has been caught on camera launching an extraordinary foul-mouthed tirade at another motorist after a crash along the m6 . in footage shot from a dashboard camera on sunday , the trucker lets rip after a car towing a caravan jackknifes . eventually the car stopped across the van , blocking the slip road - believed to be junction 8 with the m5 , near birmingham .
paul doyle , 56 , moved his family into an # 820,000 home in altrincham , cheshire , despite having never worked and living life ` on tick ' and incapacity handouts . he put down # 200,000 deposit and obtained a # 600,000 mortgage by falsely claiming his wife jeanette , 49 , worked as a company executive . doyle admitted supplying class a and b drugs between 2012 and 2014 .
ronald koeman held a meeting with southampton 's players to refocus their minds on european qualification . victor wanyama 's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at move to arsenal . former manager mauricio pochettino returning to st mary 's for the first time since leaving for tottenham in the summer .
sir alex ferguson has chosen to spend his retirement devoting himself . the 73-year-old was famous not just for the trophies won -- his haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily britain 's most successful ever manager . ferguson , in glasgow on thursday , revealed that his life has n't so much slowed down as merely changed gear .
gary deegan caught dens defender gary irvine high on his right shin . referee craig charleston saw an incident , but not the gory details . rules over use of video evidence to retrospectively ban players . scottish players ' union has become too far reaching its tentacles .
qpr manager chris ramsey is convinced he is the right man to bring long-term success to loftus road . ramsey has overseen just one victory since he was appointed permanent manager in february but four points from games against aston villa and west brom . the former tottenham coach believes it would be unfair for his future to depend on rangers avoiding the drop .
virgil van dijk was shortlisted for the pfa scotland player of the year . the dutchman believed he had sampled the worst refereeing decision of his career the night he landed an early red card against inter milan . events at hampden forced him to revise his opinion .
chris ramsey has pledged his long-term future to qpr . the 52-year-old was handed the manager 's job until the end of the season after stepping up from his youth development coaching role when harry redknapp resigned in february . ramsey insists he is more than happy to remain in w12 regardless of what division they are in next season .
john carver says he and jonas gutierrez have shaken hands and moved on from the training-ground bust-up which saw the player dropped for sunday 's defeat by spurs . the pair were involved in a disagreement last week and carver took the decision to remove the argentine from the matchday squad .
manny pacquiao says he has to fight floyd mayweather like it is the last of his life when he touches gloves with the undefeated american in the $ 300m bout on may 2 . the filipino has been installed as the underdog for the mega-fight in las vegas , which has been billed as the biggest sporting event in history .
justin rose is back training ahead of his next pga tour event . the englishman pushed winner jordan speith all the way on the final day and earned himself a hefty pay-day . rose is already looking ahead to his next outing and posted a photograph on twitter showing his high-tech golf simulator .
lewis hamilton got the better of mercedes team-mate nico rosberg . the pair finished 15th and 16th , 1.466 secs and 1.705 secs adrift respectively of kimi raikkonen in his ferrari . in fp1 pace was not their concern as the duo came to the fore .
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg found themselves in unusual positions towards the rear of the timesheet at the end of the first practice session for the bahrain grand prix . but there was no alarm as mercedes focused on a particular plan . the race due to start late evening at 6pm local time , such temperatures will drop considerably .
trainer roger varian insists he has not lost faith in belardo after the 2014 dewhurst stakes winner beat only one home in saturday 's greenham stakes . varian 's determination to keep the son of lope de vega away from the fast ground he encountered at newbury means the colt looks more likely to head to the french 2,000 guineas rather than the british equivalent at newmarket on may 2 .
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at newbury on saturday centred around a neck success on charlie hills-trained greenham stakes winner muhaarar . in this sort of form , those who suggested his best days were well behind him will have to eat their words .
ap mccoy will bring an end to his two-decade domination of jump racing . the 20-time champion will be presented with the trophy for his 20 championship before the sandown next weekend . benvolio was scratched at ayr on easter monday and will not ride in the scottish national .
aaron cruden has refused to give up hope of appearing in this year 's world cup . the all blacks ' title defence has suffered an early blow with the likely loss of their no 10 . the 26-year-old has started 15 tests for the world champions in the last two years .
maro itoje was one of five england-qualified forwards in the saracens pack that faced clermont . nigel wray spent much of last week repeating his belief the cap should be scrapped in order to compete at europe 's top table . mccall said he has no intention of overspending in a competitive post-world cup transfer market .
jonny may is hoping to get over being dropped by england with victory in next month 's challenge cup final . the cherry and whites now face edinburgh at the twickenham stoop on may 1 . may was dropped from stuart lancaster 's england squad following his poor showing against italy in round two .
alastair cook needs something different to draw on in his same-same pace bowling attack . the biggest reason england have not won away from home since 2012 is that they are lacking something different in their attack . cook and coach peter moores are under pressure to produce a result after drawing the first test .
ben stokes was at the centre of everything on a hard-fought first day of the second test as england strove to set up the victory that is essential to their wellbeing . the durham all-rounder struck immediately when he came on to bowl and finally became embroiled in a heated dispute with marlon samuels . stokes went wicketless in 32 overs in the first test , even throwing away a dismissal for the second time by overstepping .
steven finn believes he 's rediscovered the form that made him one of the most exciting fast-bowling prospects in england . finn was overlooked for the west indies tour but has spent time since the world cup working on his run-up . the 21-year-old says he has been watching footage of when he was on the top of his form and is returning to that style .
mohammad hafeez was banned from bowling after being reported for a suspect action five months ago in the first test against new zealand in abu dhabi . the 34-year-old then injured his calf and missed out on the world cup . pakistan 's next fixture is against bangladesh on wednesday in mirpur .
england removed both west indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain-shortened opening session of the second test in grenada . james anderson castled kraigg brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger in the third over . chris jordan had devon smith caught behind .
sir bradley wiggins will ride for his eponymous team in may 1 to 3 race . the four-time olympic champion left team sky after paris-roubaix . wiggins , the 2012 tour de france winner , was not selected in team sky 's 2014 squad for the race when it began in yorkshire .
kyrie irving scored 30 points in his playoff debut as cleveland cavaliers beat boston celtics 113-100 on sunday . irving made five three-pointers and kevin love , another post-season rookie , had 19 points and 12 rebounds . cleveland are aiming to end a championship drought dating to 1964 .
graeme dott beat ricky walden 10-8 at the crucible in sheffield . the 37-year-old survived a series of twitches close to the winning line . dott is through to the last 16 and remains aggrieved by having to play three best-of-19-frame matches just to get to the main draw .
alan pardew tried new ideas on the pitch to outwit pulis but an early goal from james morrison and stunner from craig gardner meant he could not deliver a satisfying result . the west brom midfielder was roundly applauded as he came out from the tunnel in the corner of a ground where the seats are close to the pitch . crystal palace 's jedinak gave tony pulis the lead with a fine long ranged effort .
leighton baines is friends with rocker miles kane and arctic monkeys ' front-man alex turner . the england international has given his thoughts on six mainstream tracks which do n't feature on his own ipod . mark ronson and bruno mars ' uptown funk is regularly played in the toffees ' dressing room .
southampton beat hull city 2-0 at st mary 's in the premier league . graziano pelle was given a yellow card by referee kevin friend . hull city manager ronald koeman said pelle has ` got a horribly broken nose ' . pelle scored his first premier league goal since december 20 .
tonny vilhena is keen to quit feyenoord this summer . the saints are also monitoring his team-mate jordy clasie . koeman is also looking to make eljero elia 's loan move from werder bremen permanent . click here for all the latest southampton news .
stoke city beat southampton 2-1 at the britannia stadium on saturday afternoon . charlie adam scored a late winner as stoke came from behind to earn all three points at home to ronald koeman 's southampton . adam is joined by stoke city team-mate marko arnautovic who congratulates the scottish international on his goal against southampton at british stadium .
franco di santo has scored 13 goals in 22 games for werder bremen . the argentine has been in superb form for his club this season . sunderland want # 8million for the 26-year-old who knows well from his time at chelsea .
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 at the emirates on saturday . james morrison headed in within two minutes and craig gardner added a stunning 30-yard strike in the second half . alan pardew 's side dominated the remainder of the game only to be met by west brom 's stubborn doggedness .
former rangers manager walter smith has praised stuart mccall for making an impact at ibrox . mccoist was put on gardening leave just before christmas after handing in his notice following three-and-a-half difficult seasons in charge . smith insists the club was too badly run to ensure true success on the park .
andres iniesta played a pivotal part in setting up neymar for the opening goal in the catalan club 's 2-0 second-leg win over psg on tuesday night . the spaniard was typically modest about his fourth assist in europe this season , preferring to focus on what has been a disappointing domestic campaign for the world cup winner . iniesta concedes that he has been unhappy with his form for barcelona this season .
brendan rodgers was fined at blackburn magistrates ' court for leaving a # 69,950 terrace house in accrington , lancashire , with broken windows and rubbish strewn across the garden . the court confirmed the conviction when approached yesterday . both rodgers and co-owner judith o'hagan had their case overturned at a later hearing .
jack grealish impressed against liverpool in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday . the 19-year-old is now at the centre of a tug of war between the republic of ireland and england . tim sherwood wants greal to focus on continuing to force his way into the villa first team .
per mertesacker will miss arsenal 's derby with chelsea on sunday . the stand-in gunners captain went down in the second half of the fa cup semi-final against reading on saturday . there were fears of a serious injury for the 6ft 6in german .
clayton donaldson scored his 16th goal of the season for birmingham city . reading were involved in a 2-1 defeat against arsenal in the last four of the cup at wembley on saturday . reading dominated most of the match , wasted several chances in the closing stages of the first half .
gary gardner will report to aston villa for pre-season training . the 22-year-old has enjoyed a successful loan spell at nottingham forest . gardner joined villa 's academy aged seven and last year was rewarded with a new contract that expires in june 2016 despite suffering serious knee injuries .
shay given will keep his place in aston villa 's side for the fa cup final . brad guzan was said to be hurting after missing out on the semi-final victory over liverpool . tim sherwood 's decision to keep faith in the competition with the republic of ireland goalkeeper .
tim sherwood wants to make swindon town midfielder massimo luongo one of his first summer signings at aston villa . the 22-year-old was player of the tournament during australia 's successful asian cup in january . sherwood has decided to play in the barclays premier league next season .
english football is hurtling towards what promises to be a record-breaking campaign for managerial sackings . micky adams became the 42nd manager to be dismissed this season when he was fired on sunday by tranmere . the trend is set to smash its previous record of 46 , set in 2006-07 .
blackpool goalkeeper joe lewis wore an autographed shirt in last week 's championship match with reading . the 27-year-old had to wear it because blackpool had no spares , midfielder andrea orlandi has revealed . blackpool 's relegation from the championship was confirmed last week .
blackpool fans pelted the directors ' box and main reception area at bloomfield road with a flare , a smoke bomb , fireworks and eggs . chairman karl oyston was the target of their criticism as supporters congregated in front of the west stand at 7pm . blackpool went on to earn a point after a 1-1 draw but manager lee clark admitted the club face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans .
lee clark admitted blackpool face a challenge to win back their stay-away fans after an evening in which their relegation into sky bet league one was marked by pre-match supporters ' protests . disgruntled fans vented their anger at their chairman outside of bloomfield road before a 1-1 draw with reading , hurling eggs at the directors ' boxes windows and launching a flare , smoke bomb and firework in front of the main entrance to the west stand . oyston and his family usually watch games
ronaldo says he would relish playing alongside cristiano ronaldo if he had the chance to play in the modern era . the 38-year-old has suggested he could play again for fort lauderdale strikers , a north american league side that he now co-owns . real madrid beat malaga 3-1 at the bernabeu in la liga .
andres iniesta could miss saturday 's la liga game at home to valencia . the barcelona midfielder suffered a bruised pelvis in the 3-1 champions league win at paris st germain . iniesta has won six league titles during his time with the catalans .
benik afobe scored 19 goals on loan at mk dons before joining wolves in january for # 2million . the black country side were heading for a third successive defeat which would have all but ended their play-off hopes . ipswich remain well placed for a top-six finish in the promotion race .
chelsea are the worst behaved team in the premier league when it comes to respecting referees , according to official figures . data compiled by football association fair play delegates who attend every top-flight match and assess team behaviour towards match officials . jose mourinho and his back room staff ranked second-worst in the respect assessment .
british transport police chief constable paul crowther came ahead of a summit organised to determine the scale of the problem . five chelsea fans were caught on film directing racist abuse towards a black passenger in france . mr crowther said the impact on ordinary passengers is ` unacceptable ' .
tim sherwood was quizzed about his letter to young aston villa fan charlie pye on friday . the villa youngster wanted a chocolate bar as a win bonus . sherwood would have agreed terms for a signed claret and blue football , a wwe wrestling figure and some sweets .
daniel sturridge failed to train again on thursday as brendan rodgers stepped up preparations for sunday 's fa cup semi-final with aston villa . the england striker missed england 's games against lithuania and italy with what england manager roy hodgson called ` a small tear ' in his hip . steven gerrard could return at wembley after seeing out the last game of his suspension against newcastle .
raheem sterling scored liverpool 's opener in the first half at anfield . brendan rodgers ' side have now qualified for the last 16 of the competition . liverpool have won just one of their last five premier league games . the reds have now lost four of their opening two games .
kevin pietersen was hit on the hand during surrey 's match against oxford university with a minor injury . the surrey batsman stayed down momentarily before moving gingerly and leaving the field . the former england star is hoping to win back his test place with a return to red ball cricket .
gareth bale has endured a difficult second season at real madrid . the welshman has been linked with english clubs including manchester united and chelsea . mark hughes believes bale should stay with los blancos . bale won the champions league in his first season in spain .
juventus beat monaco 0-0 in the champions league quarter-final . giorgio chiellini has made his case for football 's most obvious foul . the 30-year-old committed a deliberate handball after slipping onto the turf . juve are on course to complete a historic treble this season .
jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the right type of football for the premier league big boys . sportsmail 's columnist insists the style of play atletico madrid showed against their neighbours real at the bernabeu would not impress the three barclays premier league giants .
former manchester united and burnley full-back richard eckersley is training with la liga side elche . the 26-year-old is a now free agent after leaving red bull arena . toronto signed toronto fc permanently and he made over 50 appearances for the club .
emad sahabi suffered an horrific ankle break while playing for al orubah . the match came to halt on 19 minutes when the midfielder 's ankle appeared to have twisted 180 degrees . the break brings back the nightmare injuries suffered by arsenal duo eduardo and aaron ramsey a few years ago .
psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4-1 to win the dutch championship on saturday . the victory put them on 79 points and beyond the reach of second-placed ajax amsterdam . luuk de jong scored two headed goals in the opening period .
bayern munich beat hoffenheim 2-0 to close in on the bundesliga title . sebastian rode scored in the 38th minute and hoffanheim 's andreas beck added an own goal in stoppage time as bayern opened a 13-point lead over second-placed vfl wolfsburg . bayern were without half a dozen starters , including philipp lahm , arjen robben , franck ribery and bastian
inter owner erick thohir warned both sets of players before the game that the ` eyes of the world ' would be fixed on the 214th derby della madonnina . by the end of the first half , the gaze had probably focused elsewhere . a goalless second provided little more .
pierre-emerick aubameyang and shinji kagawa were on target as dortmund returned to winning ways with a comfortable victory against paderborn . the win moved last season 's bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for europe .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . sky sports punditry team were convinced there had been a foul in the build-up . john terry had come in with a strong challenge on radamel falcao . cesc fabregas collected the loose ball and released it to oscar .
alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici . the gunners return to wembley on may 30 to try to defend the trophy . sami mokbel performed superbly in the heart of reading 's well-drilled back-four .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge . branislav ivanovic had a tough afternoon marking marouane fellaini . cesc fabregas had a quiet afternoon for jose mourinho 's side . kurt zouma outplayed in midfield as united took early initiative .
franz beckenbauer has accused bayern munich stars of playing as if they had taken ` sleeping pills ' in their midweek defeat by porto . the bundesliga champions conceded twice in the opening 10minutes before losing 3-1 to the portuguese in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday . bayern players trudge off after defeat knowing they will have to vastly improve to reach the semi-finals .
daryl janmaat has compared newcastle 's premier league encounter against swansea to playing in the world cup semi-final last summer . the magpies have lost their last six league matches in a row - including a 3-1 home defeat by tottenham on sunday . john carver 's men just seven points clear of the relegation zone .
the protest will take place outside stamford bridge at 3pm on saturday . the photo has been organised by the chelsea supporters trust . there have been more than 1,400 confirmed deaths of construction workers in qatar as the country put the infrastructure in place to host the world cup .
fifa presidential candidate prince ali bin al hussein has made a formal rotation of the world cup between the continents . prince ali , a current fifa vice-president from jordan , said he could envisage a world cup being played in different countries . in his manifesto , he launched on monday , prince ali has warned against any decision on expanding world cup from 32 countries .
nile ranger joined blackpool at the start of the season on a one-year deal . the former newcastle striker has not featured for the seasiders since the end of november . ranger has been awol since early in december and says the club took the mick with his contract .
frank knight , 67 , posted an apology on his facebook account last week . he said he had agreed to pay damages of # 20,000 to the sky bet championship club . over 1,000 supporters did just that , ensuring the target was met in only three days , and the account will now be kept open to provide more financial aid .
professor john warren discovered avocado trees switch from male to female in a matter of hours . he found that during the day the trees , which grow in tropical and mediterranean climates , flower with their ` female parts ' ready to be pollinated by bees . professor warren has written about the avocado in his book called the nature of crops .
the london-based lawyer 's wardrobe has gone from strength-to-strength since she tied the knot with george clooney last september . from elegant cream jumpsuits to panel shift dresses and suit/skirt combos , the 37-year-old always seems to get the balance of smart and sexy just right . but her effortless look is not without the help of a few designer items .
isis has released a new propaganda video warning there is ` no safety for any american on the globe ' . titled ` we will burn america ' , the video calls on supporters to attack the u.s. on its own soil , while claiming its citizens ' sense of safety is a ` mirage ' . the 11 minute-long video also forms a showcase of some of the militants ' bloodiest atrocities .
eden hazard and harry kane set to contest pfa player of the year award . the spurs striker has scored 29 goals in all competitions to date . kane is the only english player up for the main award . diego costa , alexis sanchez and philippe coutinho all on the shortlist .
harry kane has been nominated for pfa young player of the year . thibaut courtois and david de gea complete the list of players . the winners will be announced at the awards ceremony in london on april 26 . eden hazard has netted 30 goals in all competitions this season .
jurgen klopp 's side have been champions in three of the last four seasons . porto earned an impressive 3-1 champions league first leg victory against bundesliga champions bayern munich on wednesday night . the 31-year-old forward had no problem slotting the ball past neuer to give his side an early 1-0 advantage .
england beat australia at the old st john 's rec 12 years ago . alastair cook was able to set west indies a target of 438 in just over four sessions that would even surpass their own world record successful test chase . cook will be grateful for the athleticism of jordan and the off-spin of joe root for the wicket that means england remain firm favourites to secure today .
thirty years ago this month something as basic as two men hitting balls around a table with a stick gripped the nation by the throat . it was as iconic a moment of the eighties as duran duran , yuppies , football hooliganism and mrs thatcher handbagging the unions . one of these lucky chaps will pick up the title , the trophy and # 60,000 .
mauricio pochettino insists aston villa manager tim sherwood will be shown respect on his return to white hart lane . sherwood was shown the door by tottenham chairman daniel levy . spurs occupy sixth place in the premier league , seven points off the champions league qualification places .
tottenham hotspur host aston villa at white hart lane -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for tottenham . tim sherwood set to be without a key trio for first return since being sacked last summer .
swansea city host everton at the emirates stadium on saturday . west ham united host stoke city -lrb- 1.30 pm -rrb- , burnley vs leicester city . manchester united vs manchester city : burnley , liverpool vs man city .
tottenham chairman daniel levy tried to persuade tim sherwood to stay on at the club after sacking him from the head coach role . sherwood said he would ` absolutely ' shake levy 's hand . the pair still keep in touch , according to sherwood who joked : ` just to see who he 's going to sell me ! ' .
john goodwin , 75 , went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault . prosecutors said that atkinson , who pleaded not guilty , repeatedly sexually assaulted a student , who is now 24 years old . goodwin 's lawyer acknowledged his client was ` touchy-feely , ' but he did n't commit a crime .
the body farm is a joint project between the university of south florida institute of anthropology and the hillsborough county sheriff 's office . five to ten bodies from usf 's after life body donation program would be buried or placed on two acres of the walter c. heinrich practical training center in lithia . if the research is approved , the information gathered at the site could help investigators solve crimes and cold cases .
melissa plancarte , whose stage name is melissa : cartel princess , was filmed doing her midnight flit in the michoacan state courthouse for her pop video ` since you left ' . the clip shows glamorous pop star - one of mexico 's most beautiful women , dancing the tango at the bottom of the courthouse staircase .
jiang min says she ca n't even afford food , let alone medical treatment , for baby mengyu and their older daughter . the family 's plight has attracted the attention of local media in binzhou city , who have cruelly dubbed the deformed extremities as ` trotters ' .
britt mchenry was filmed attacking tow clerk gina michelle for her looks and social status in a video the sparked mass outrage . the 28-year-old was suspended for one week after the april 6 video surfaced showing her unleash a vicious attack on a single mother-of-three at a towing firm .
st. louis froyo cashier stephanie diaz , 21 , became infamous late last year for video of him screaming ' i do n't like mens no more - i like women , women ! ' after a pastor at an evangelical megachurch claimed to have cured his homosexuality . caldwell hit headlines in november after the footage surfaced of him being ` delivered ' by god . but he says he ended up completely doused in his own dessert at the counter .
pablo mandado and ilze zebolde are off to a flying start as they approach their first year of their open-ended odyssey on the road . in 356 days they 've covered almost 7,000 miles -lrb- 11,131.92 km by their measurements -rrb- and been through 16 countries . with no plans or agenda , ilze and pablo are happy to stop and take in stunning views , such as this from a roadside in the french al
an adorable green sea turtle pulled off the ultimate photo-bomb . the shallow water in apo island , negros oriental , philippines is a feeding ground for sea turtles . the turtles are traditionally found in tropical and subtropical waters , travelling long distances between feeding areas and the beaches where they are hatched .
david rush , 33 , from lisburn , northern ireland , used to weigh 34st . weighed 34st and was forced to order xxxxxl clothes on the internet . now weighs 15st 4lbs - down from 34st at his heaviest . embarrassed by his size and afraid of cruel comments .
stan cole , an iraq and afghanistan veteran , captured the wall of wind as it gulped up dust from the fields in loraine , western texas . he took the footage with his friend ricky bailey while the two were out in a tractor on wednesday evening . landspouts - the scientific term for tornadoes which are not part of a thunderstorm - can be difficult to capture on film .
the video has been viewed 600,000 times and blends practical advice with the odd tear-jerking moment . viewers are encouraged to not switch off until having watched the final piece of advice . other recommendations from the new moms and dads featured in the clip include remembering to ` be grateful for your kids ' .
lewis hamilton remains the richest sportsman in britain with a fortune of # 88million . wayne rooney has overtaken jenson button to be in second place . formula one world champion hamilton has his sights on retaining his world championship title after winning three of the first four races of the season .
liverpool 's no 1 striker daniel sturridge is in danger of falling down the pecking order due to his poor injury record . brendan rodgers revealed his intention to sign a top forward who can `` play every week '' . the england international will be absent once again on saturday .
louis van gaal expects ryan giggs to succeed him as manchester united manager when he leaves the club . the welshman made a record 963 appearances for united during his glittering playing career , which stretched to 25 years . giggs won a remarkable 25 trophies , including 13 barclays premier league titles and two champions leagues .
england go into the last day here , just as they did in antigua , needing eight wickets to have any chance of the victory they so badly need in this series . marlon samuels had the chance to renew his feud with ben stokes but the pair buried the hatchet on a day the west indies dominated .
adam johnson has been charged with three offences of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl and one of grooming . the sunderland midfielder could face a prison term of up to 14 years if found guilty . johnson will now appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 .
manchester united have offered goalkeeper david de gea # 200,000-a-week to keep him at old trafford . the 24-year-old will return to spain and join real madrid on a free transfer . louis van gaal admitted yesterday that the club have offered him a lot of money .
borussia dortmund midfielder ilkay gundogan has been identified as the leading contender to fill michael carrick 's midfield role . united are eyeing a # 20.5 million deal for the central midfielder . reports emanating from germany on friday indicated a deal is now close .
wladimir klitschko will make his return to us soil for the first time in seven years when he takes on the slick philadelphian at the iconic madison square garden in new york . the 39-year-old has been reminiscing about how it all started for him when he won olympic gold in atlanta in 1996 .
ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires . his last ever mount will be box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle , which has drawn a 20-runner line-up . the race which was scheduled to be the last on the card has been moved forward to 4.25 and channel 4 will extend their broadcast .
the red mazda had careered off the road up someone 's drive . it hit the property with such force that the car became stuck in the wall . police said the occupants of the house had a lucky escape . the incident was tweeted by west yorkshire police 's roads policing unit .
study of 1,302 german couples found working men did just two hours of house work each day , which almost doubled to 3.9 hours when they retired . but it is still far less than the amount carried out by their stay-at-home wives . chores included doing the laundry and the washing up , as well as running errands .
shaun andrew mckerry , dubbed boomerang boy or homing pigeon boy in his youth , burst into shildon post office and stores , county durham , on march 15 . the masked 31-year-old waved an axe as he demanded cash from terrified assistant andrea brighty , but he did not see owner sab dhillon 's rugby tackle . she struck him twice , helping to disarm him while her husband twisted him around to reveal his face to the cameras .
jesse o'brien , six , has to take a daily dose of 45 pills to treat cystic fibrosis . his mother heidi , 37 , said her idea to provide encouragement with ` likes ' on facebook from family and friends exceeded her wildest expectations within just one hour . the footage of jesse taking his morning pills has gone viral .
school is known as the spiritual home of the game , with the world cup trophy named the webb ellis cup in honour of the schoolboy called william . today the school is still steeped in the traditions of the sport , alongside its own rich history of ` muscular christianity ' .
west ham beat west ham 3-1 at upton park on friday night . patrick vieira 's side were missing a number of players preparing for monday 's fa youth cup final second leg against chelsea . olivier ntcham pulled back a goal for the hammers with a dan potts header .
arsenal lost 3-1 at home to monaco in the premier league on sunday . arsene wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend , just as brendan rodgers had ventured after chelsea 's victory at liverpool . if he defends well he draws 0-0 against monaco and wins in monte carlo .
arsenal signed eden hazard from lille for # 32million in 2012 . the frenchman has scored 18 and assisted 10 goals in only 43 starts . wenger believes the gong will be a shootout between hazard and alexis sanchez . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
manchester city wanted isco when he left malaga two years ago . he still harbours some regrets over that decision to not follow the manager who really gave him his big chance . isco rarely starts for real madrid when all of carlo ancelotti 's main options are fit .
tottenham are ready to grant emmanuel adebayor a free transfer . the togolese 's move to spurs has proved a massive financial burden for the north london club . tottenham would still like to receive a fee for the striker but they just want rid of his massive wages .
arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . francis coquelin has made 23 appearances for the gunners this season . the 23-year-old was drafted back into the arsenal squad from a loan spell at charlton in december . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
chelsea beat arsenal 6-0 at stamford bridge last season . jose mourinho was surprised by a question he was asked at his chelsea press conference on friday . the portuguese coach praised the ` top question ' before composing himself and giving an equally ambiguous answer .
mark selby fell victim of the crucible curse and a rookie scot . anthony mcgill exuded calm assurance as he saw off the defending champion 13-9 to book a quarter-final place . the 24-year-old has been quietly earmarked for greatness by those who know him best .
pep guardiola is to return to the nou camp for the first time since leaving in 2012 . the first legs will take place on may 5/6 with the returns the following week . bayern side swept porto aside this week after suffering a surprise defeat in the first leg . luis suarez , lionel messi and gerard pique are all smiles in barcelona training .
pep guardiola will be reintroduced to barcelona in the champions league semi-finals . the bayern munich coach must think of a way to stop the superb lionel messi . guardiola nurtured messi into the best player in the world while manager at the nou camp .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena . the first two of the three fights between the sugar man and hands of stone raised the curtain on what is considered the golden age of boxing in the classic middling weights of boxing .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's weigh-in have sold out within minutes on friday evening . tickets for the pair 's face-off on may 1 , 24 hours before their mega-fight in las vegas . fight fans queued around the block to get their hands on one of 10,000 tickets up for grabs .
rafa benitez 's napoli have a favourable europa league semi-final draw as they face dnipro . fiorentina have the tantalising prospect of facing holders sevilla over two legs . retaining the title will see the spanish club win the competition for a record fourth time .
joe root impressed with the bat on day four of the second test in grenada . yorkshire county cricketer threw down his helmet and gloves . jason holder used his impressive stature to pluck the ball out of the air . england held a lead of 165 over the west indies going into the second innings .
sam burgess starred for bath as mike ford 's men moved within one point of northampton with a five-try hammering of london irish at the rec . burgess claimed the man-of-the-match award and was among the try-scorers along with leroy houston , jonathan joseph , matt banahan and semesa rokoduguni . the exiles were ahead at half-time thanks to tom court 's try
joe root scored his second highest score and the fourth of his six hundreds to pass the 150 mark . but england 's hopes of pushing for victory were railroaded by a dead pitch that was better for run-making than on day one . root 's efforts left the west indies with a 165-run deficit , but they cleared that to finish 37 ahead on 202 for two at stumps .
joe root became the second-youngest england batsman to reach 2,000 test runs . alastair cook was 401 days quicker . however , root did get there in fewer innings than india great sachin tendulkar . stuart broad continues to search for a run in this test series .
jurgen klopp has announced he will leave borussia dortmund at the end of the season . manchester city are on the lookout for a new manager following their lacklustre campaign . brendan rodgers is also under pressure at liverpool as he faces a third trophyless season .
divock origi has revealed the progress of jordon ibe at liverpool . the belgium striker was signed by liverpool in a # 10million deal . origi believes liverpool 's backing of liverpool supporters will help him elevate his game . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
alex song believes cameroon goalkeeper carlos kameni could have played at one of the top teams in the premier league . song has also played for arsenal as well as representing cameroon at international level . song believes rigobert song is a similar character like puyol . he says he is a character player because he never gives up .
paula radcliffe says she is likely to cry when she runs the final race of her career in subday 's london marathon . radcliffe has battled with an injury to her left foot , which made it difficult for her to walk short distances two months ago . the world record holder says she has never been far from tears in her career .
rotherham 's desire to stave off relegation to league one has been made more difficult by a points deduction . watford can be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth -lrb- away to fulham -rrb- lose and norwich fail to win . if rotherham win , millwall will be relegated if they lose .
usain bolt says tyson gay 's reduced ban is ` the stupidest thing i 've ever heard ' . gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities . bolt said he used to respect gay as a competitor but is no longer looking forward to racing against him .
bayern munich host real madrid in the champions league semi-final . pep guardiola 's side are currently 12 points behind leaders real . munich can focus largely on europe thanks to a 12-point lead over wolfsburg in the bundesliga and the minor inconvenience of a german cup .
cesc fabregas will be making his first return to the emirates since leaving arsenal in 2011 . the 27-year-old is expected to wear a protective mask when he travels to north london this weekend . arsenal boss arsene wenger speaks to a young man after snatching him away from barcelona in 2004 .
michael cheika has been given licence to pick one of the finest backs of the era for the world cup . toulon playmaker matt giteau could be a glorious asset at the showpiece tournament after australia 's policy against picking players abroad was relaxed this week . cheika repeatedly name-checked a certain knight of the realm .
steven davis says southampton have an advantage over spurs . the former argentina defender led saints to their best ever premier league points tally during a memorable campaign at st mary 's . davis ' assertions come as mauricio pochettino heads to southampton for the first time since leaving .
rotherham fielded derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday after his youth loan had expired . the football league maintain the paperwork for his extension was n't handled properly . they have until may 1 to appeal the decision and should they choose to , that could have ramifications with an ultimate decision likely to be taken after the season has finished .
john carver has hit back at michael owen after he said they would lose every remaining match this season . the magpies will set a new club record of seven straight premier league defeats should they be beaten at home by swansea . carver says he does not listen to those who have never tried management .
wayne rooney was spotted filling up his # 100,000 overfinch range rover . the england captain was disappointed with the result on saturday . he thought his side deserved to get something from the game . the 29-year-old looked glum just a couple of days after his side 's loss to chelsea .
jose mourinho planned for kurt zouma to man mark fellaini . but he feared his tactical master plan was set to be for nothing . the chelsea boss feared the belgian was not playing by the doorman . mansour and marouane played the 6ft 4in midfielder in training .
patrick bamford received the award at the gala ceremony in london . the 21-year-old beat competition from ipswich town 's daryl murphy and watford 's troy deeney to claim the overall sky bet championship player of the year award . boro 's goals have led to a summer move to tottenham .
ryan giggs , paul scholes , gary neville , nicky butt and andrew cole went out for dinner just hours after their former side 's 1-0 defeat by chelsea . ex-manchester united striker cole said he was in ` great company ' with ` great team-mates ' on saturday night . red devils assistant manager eden hazard scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute to put the blues 10 points clear at the top
manchester united target memphis depay has scored 20 goals in 26 league games so far this season . the 21-year-old has been tipped to join one of europe 's big boys . brands has reiterated that depay is likely to leave but must ` make the choice ' over his next destination .
tim howard joined everton in the community 's powered wheelchair football team for a training session at croxteth sports centre . the toffees goalkeeper met players from the team currently sitting third in the wfa national league in the championship division . howard was provided with his own wheelchair and joined in with some short skills and shooting practice with the team .
floyd mayweather splashed out on a $ 210,000 mercedes-maybach s600 . the boxing legend took time away from the boxing ring as he posted a video via his instagram page showing off the latest member of his sports car collection . mayweather is expected to get # 120million for the fight .
jack grealish took to twitter to upload the message of support from an aston villa supporter . the 19-year-old said : ` three seasons of rain boys , time to find the end of that rainbow and prove we 're the pride of the midlands ! ' . brad guzan also revealed the contents of his message ahead of the match .
thiago silva was substituted in the defeat by barcelona in midweek . the injury is still keeping him out of psg 's game against st etienne . psg coach laurent blanc said on friday : ` silva is out for nice even if his injury is not as bad as first feared ' .
canadian star eugenie bouchard is playing in the fed cup world group play-off against romania this weekend . the 21-year-old has suffered four defeats in her past six matches as the world no 7 struggles to regain form on the wta tour . dulgheru has previous having refused to shake hands with slovak kristina kucova at a fed cup press conference last year .
javier hernandez scored the only goal of the two legs in the champions league quarter-final between the madrid neighbours . atletico madrid were finally beaten after almost two full matches against real madrid . arda turan is sent off by german referee felix brych in the 76th minute .
juventus take on bayern munich , barcelona and real madrid in the champions league final on friday . massimiliano allegri has returned this great club to the elite level . juventus have kept nine clean sheets in their last ten fixtures . arturo vidal gave juventus from the penalty spot in the first leg .
rudy gestede scored the opening goal for blackburn against nottingham forest on saturday . the big striker bagged goal number 20 for the season as he continues his excellent form for rovers . rotherham have a game in hand and a much better goal difference in the premier league .
floyd mayweather has earned more than $ 400million in his career . the boxer is also not shy about sharing his extravagant purchases with the world via social media . sportsmail looks at his vast collection of super cars , private jets and jewellery . one of his car dealers revealed he has been called in the small hours of the morning by the boxer and asked to have car delivered within 12 hours .
the biggest fight in boxing history has sold out within a minute of going on sale with tickets for floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao . tickets for the richest bout in history began appearing on the secondary market with one ticket going for a cool $ 128,705 -lrb- # 85,508 -rrb- on stubhub . after weeks of wrangling and accusations between mayweather promotions and bob arum , a batch of between 500 and 1,000 tickets were made available to
memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united on wednesday . the 21-year-old jetted to england with representatives including his agent kees ploegsma for a summit with a united delegation led by manager louis van gaal . united are leading the hunt for the pacy holland international .
dietmar hamann believes schweinsteiger should leave bayern munich at the end of the season . the world cup winner was an unused substitute in bayern 's 6-1 champions league win over porto on tuesday . former germany international hamann thinks the game against porto was meaningful for two players in particular .
pep guardiola will return to the nou camp in the semi-finals with his bayern munich team . real madrid will play dnipro and sevilla in the europa league semi-final . the final will be played on june 6 at the olympic stadium in berlin .
javier hernandez scored the winner against atletico madrid on wednesday . manchester united and real madrid agreed a potential deal last season . the mexican is wanted by a host of premier league clubs including west ham and swansea . click here for all the latest transfer news .
ashley young met olly murs outside manchester united 's aon training complex ahead of mutv filming . the english winger is known for being the resident dj at the red devils . he admitted to being under strict orders from louis van gaal to play only house and funky house music .
chelsea 's daryl murphy was second in the voting ahead of troy deeney . championship player of the year patrick bamford was third in voting . callum wilson in fourth is the first of three bournemouth players with midfielders grant leadbitter and lee tomlin .
barcelona beat valencia 2-0 in the la liga on saturday . leo messi , luis suarez and neymar are just seven goals short of reaching 100 for the season . thierry henry scored 26 , eto'o 36 and messi 38 goals in the 2008-09 season .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena . the perceived wisdom was that ali-frazier was coming five years too late for two great boxers in their 30s .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . fight voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century , which crossed oceans and continents . the fight which established muhammad ali as the most recognisable human being on earth .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action . where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . the fight was billed as a political war between an america struggling to emerge from the great depression and a germany provoking armed conflict in europe by annexing austria .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action . where money man vs pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from playing their part in the richest fight in boxing history . sportsmail takes a look at the two men 's achievements , in and out of the ring , ahead of their $ 300m mega-fight on may 2 .
qpr boss chris ramsey is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the premier league . ramsey 's side host west ham on saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone with four games left . it will be the same at newcastle , aston villa , leicester , sunderland and hull .
chelsea host arsenal at the emirates on sunday -lrb- 8.30 pm -rrb- . didier drogba has an excellent record against arsenal . jose mourinho takes charge of the training session at cobham on friday . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
the panel that cleared inverness defender josh meekings to play in the william hill scottish cup final did not even consider his handball . it has emerged the highland club 's lawyers successfully argued that sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan had no right to bring the case . the decision could effectively blunt the sfa 's decision .
arsenal beat manchester united 3-2 in the fa cup final at wembley . tim sherwood 's side won the coin toss ahead of the final next month . the gunners will play in their yellow and blue away strip for the final . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
hull city are fourth-bottom of the premier league with one of the toughest run-ins facing them . steve bruce has revealed that players will have their salaries cut if they do n't beat the drop . hull manager hopes mo diame will recover from a training knock to face crystal palace at the weekend .
raheem sterling says he has not been affected by the criticism of his contract stand-off with liverpool . the england international has been abused , even by his own fans , over his decision to put deal talks on hold . sterling is one of europe 's most sought after young players .
tottenham have been encouraged to make a bid for marseille midfielder florian thauvin after the french club decided to listen to offers . the 22-year-old was the subject of enquiries from tottenham earlier in the year and has also been watched by chelsea and valencia .
louis van gaal has spoken to marouane fellaini about keeping his cool . the manchester united midfielder is set for a more hostile reception than juan mata received at his old club chelsea last weekend . the belgium international became a symbol for the failure of the moyes era .
bristol rovers lost their place in the football league for the first time since 1920 . darrell clarke was distraught at the end of last season but there could be tears of joy this time around . barnet are heavy favourites to take the one-point lead and a vastly better goal difference going into their game against gateshead .
football equality campaigners kick it out have warned hartlepool supporters over a bob marley-themed fancy-dress day planned for their league two trip to carlisle on the final day of the season . officials from the anti-racism body say they have acted on complaints from some fans .
chelsea are set to follow tottenham 's lead and take part in a post-season friendly down under in june . the blues are expected to arrive in australia as top-flight champions and the 83,000-seater arena would almost certainly sell out . jose mourinho 's side could face sydney at the anz stadium on june 2 .
napoli are the fourth club he has taken to the latter stages of a european competition , following spells with valencia , liverpool and chelsea . rafa benitez guided liverpool to champions league glory in 2005 , his first season at the club . the spaniard took the serie a side into the europa league semi-final with an emphatic 6-3 aggregate victory over wolfsburg .
manchester city are rivalling manchester united and arsenal for dayot upamecano . the 16-year-old almost joined united in the january transfer window . umecano has played for france at u16 and u17 level . manuel pellegrini 's side face aston villa at the etihad stadium on saturday .
javier hernandez is on loan at real madrid from manchester united . the 26-year-old has started only twice in la liga for carlo ancelotti . he will leave real at the end of the season , where he has one year left on his contract .
baseball may not have a reputation for being a violent as some of america 's other sports . in the seventh innings of a game between the kansas city royals and rivals chicago white sox both sets of players became embroiled in a mass brawl . umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight at chicago 's us cellular field in illinois .
warrington wolves beat sheffield eagles 18-6 at headingley . roy asotasi opened the scoring for the rhinos . ben harrison was held up on his back before his partner produced a grubber kick on the last tackle to create a try for winger gene ormsby .
tyson fury is the mandatory challenger to the long-reigning heavyweight champion and hopes to lure him to england in the autumn . klitschko has held a portion of the world title since 2000 but fury is convinced he is the man to beat him after being involved in a bit of a brawl early on .
bernard foley is favourite to wear the wallabies number 10 shirt for their world cup campaign , which starts against fiji in cardiff on september 23 . toulon are chasing an unprecedented hat-trick of european titles . they will play clermont auvergne in the final at twickenham in eight days ' time .
hudson swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the zurich classic lead with boo weekley . weekley was 5 under for the round through 14 holes , pulling him into a five-way tie for third at 10 under with brandon de jonge , cameron tringale and daniel berger .
joe burgess scored his first super league hat-trick as wigan secured their first away win of the season . burgess , who is joining sydney roosters at the end of the year , scored three of the warriors ' seven tries in a 40-22 victory . it was a third consecutive win for shaun wane 's men and a fifth from their last six matches .
english football league and football league will stand still just before three o'clock on saturday to mark the 30th anniversary of the fire . the inferno ripped through valley parade on may 11 , 1985 during the first half of a game against lincoln city . the top four tiers of the game will remember them this weekend .
former chelsea winger florent malouda has picked his #one2eleven stars he played alongside throughout his career on sky sports ' fantasy football club . the last one was the -lrb- champions league -rrb- final in munich . the second one is the captain .
juventus beat juventus 0-0 in the champions league final in monaco . andriy shevchenko scored the winning penalty in the first all-italian final . juve are back among the continent 's elite after a long journey . the 12-year gap between now and that night at old trafford has been one of twists and turns .
yaya toure has struggled to impose himself upon games for city . the ivorian 's cv tells the story of a player who has always placed pragmatism above sentiment when it comes to his choice of clubs . toure 's statements of recent times should not be allowed to detract from his legacy at manchester city .
david pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for australian super rugby team , the brumbies , who were on their way to a win against the highlanders at canberra stadium on friday night . miranda devine has apologised for celebrating a try using sign language .
sally gordon-smith , 14 , was last seen leaving her school in keilor east . she was described by police as caucasian , 150cm tall , with blue eyes and brown shoulder length hair . her family and police have appealed for anyone who has seen her to immediately contact .
the ` love call ' notices are posted at traffic lights on sydney 's george street near australia square . people struggled against the heavy rain and strong winds as the storm lashed nsw on tuesday . most people gave up on their umbrellas in winds of more than 100 km / hr .
experts say as many as 1 in 8 will suffer injuries serious enough they will need to miss at least seven training sessions or matches . these range from bruises and sprains to fractures , torn ligaments and at worst , concussion and damage to the brain . professor allyson pollock wants to see rugby made safer for children .
researchers from cnrs-gate in lyon and the university of california analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team . study could have implications for other areas outside sport , such as in the workplace where greater gender diversity could bring advantages .
apple is rumoured to be planning on using stronger materials to construct its next generation smartphone . the forthcoming phone could feature the same 7000 series aluminium as its forthcoming apple watch sport edition . the metal is the same as that used to make professional sports bikes but has been altered by apple to make it lighter .
the venus x has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory . some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body 's flight or fight response , causing adrenaline to surge through gamers ' bodies and prepare the body for physical activity .
french free diver jumped into dean 's blue hole in the bahamas . guillame néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge . the hole is 660ft -lrb- 200 metres -rrb- deep , although he does n't go to the bottom . free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .
an analogue promotional watch from apple is listed on the internet auction site with a ` buy it now ' price of $ 2,499.99 -lrb- # 1,707.47 -rrb- plus postage . for the same price as the 1997 timepiece , apple fans could pre-order five of the cheapest apple watch sport , which cost # 299 in the uk . however , it is still cheaper than the apple watch edition , which costs upwards of $ 10,000 -lr
the unverified video shows the rocket drifting onto its target . on tuesday , spacex came incredibly close to landing its falcon 9 rocket booster on a barge in the middle of the atlantic . now , leaked footage reveals just how close elon musk 's firm came to success , with a close-up view of the daring attempt shot on a gopro camera .
didier drogba scored both goals as chelsea beat arsenal 2-1 . the ivorian striker has 15 goals in 15 games against arsenal . he is expected to return to the emirates on sunday with jose mourinho 's side . click here for all the latest england news .
the short film has been developed on an oculus rift - a virtual reality headset - by italy 's university of udine 's hci lab . it is hoped the simulation can make people aware of the correct processes to follow for a landing on water . the video pans to the passenger reaching into the overhead lockers for their luggage .
residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead . the bulk of the debris landed in the well-kept front garden and trees at the home of paula viccica . the homeowner complained to aviation authorities and wants assurance it does not pose a danger .
swedish passports are among the most frequently sold in underground trading . there is no upper limit on the number of replacements available to the rightful holder . they can sell for as much as # 6,000 each -- far more than the # 28 fee that sweden 's government charges for new or renewed travel documents .
in a recent q&a on the social media site , ceo and co-founder , mark zuckerberg , opened up about the future of travel and how virtual reality will play a key role . facebook also announced plans to begin supporting virtual reality on its newsfeed , meaning that users will be able to see the world from multiple viewpoints .
gabriel ng spent countless hours filming religious sites and scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone . the result is a six-minute video containing breathtaking sights that make it clear why thailand is a favourite destination for tourists . gabriel , who co-owns a video production company with a fellow cinematographer , filmed most of the scenes on the island of ko samui .
zach birnie stands at the top of a mountain and films the surrounding scenery with a camera mounted to his helmet . after exhaling air , he begins to make his descent of the off-piste section of slope in a rather slow and cautious manner . suddenly he begins panic and while not entirely visible to the camera , a minor avalanche occurs behind him .
the chosen candidate will be able to discover all that the dating scene in each city has to offer . to coincide with the dating site 's 20th anniversary , applications seeking a ` date explorer ' to help it revolutionise the british dating scene . the lucky singleton will be given a round-the-world ticket with stops in new york and four other cities .
england 's withdrawal from the historic victory shield for under 16s has further worsened relations between the fa and the other home nations . officials in scotland , wales and northern ireland were unhappy to find out about the fa ditching a tournament that started in 1925 via a letter from chairman greg dyke . this is seen as another example of fa ` arrogance ' following the english telling fifa that they want to send great britain football teams to the rio olympics
adam johnson was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on thursday . sunderland boss dick advocaat will not bow to pressure by dropping johnson despite his charges . johnson has been used as a substitute in the last three games .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 at the santiago bernabeu on wednesday . sergio ramos was the first man carlo ancelotti embraced at the final whistle of real 's champions league win over atletico . ramos is one of those players for whom the old liverpool song about jamie carragher ` we all dream of a team of carraghers ' would be appropriate .
iker casillas insists he will stay at real madrid even if david de gea arrives to displace him as first choice keeper at the bernabeu . the spanish keeper has spent his entire career at real . the 33-year-old has been linked with a summer return to his homeland .
eden hazard was filmed as part of a feature for queens park rangers . the belgian star left a defender in knots with his fancy footwork . the 24-year-old will be a key man for jose mourinho 's side as they travel to the emirates stadium on sunday .
a survey of 600 employers and senior executives has revealed that the biggest cv blunder is spelling or grammar mistakes . other high ranking errors are incorrect personal information . brevity is valued , with a massive 46 per cent of the polled senior executives finding long waffling cvs irritating , with only 26 per cent disliking short resumes .
real housewives of orange county star katie said there was no ` big fight or blow up ' which caused her marriage to la angel josh hamilton to end . hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse . the filing comes after his self-reported relapse and just months after they celebrated 10 years together .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao go head-to-head in las vegas . the two boxers has revealed a dozen oddities about themselves . troy with brad pitt is one he likes to watch over and over again . he does n't like ketchup or mustard on hot dogs but uses bbq sauce .
the husky has an injury to his right rear leg , possibly the result of being hit by a car . he is also extremely underweight and is suffering from a long-standing case of mange . he was wearing a collar when he was picked up on monday in the banksia park area , in adelaide 's north-eastern suburbs .
fiona , 51 , fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her daughter on thursday night . she said seeing her child in danger gave her a boost of courage . police said there has been a spike in thefts in the como area and urge anyone who sees suspicious behaviour to contact authorities immediately .
audrey nethery , six , has diamond blackfan anemia -lrb- dba -rrb- , a life-threatening bone marrow condition that impacts her body 's ability to circulate oxygen . since audrey is unable to produce enough red blood cells , her parents told the mirror , she has faced a host of health issues in her short life . but the condition does n't stop her from dancing , which she does incredibly well to bruno mars ' chart-topping hit
lewis hamilton is interviewed by three-time world champion sir jackie stewart . lewis probably will not want to hear it , judging by how he has previously dismissed stewart 's opinions . hamilton drove in an era when a driver racing for five years had a two in three chance of dying .
nico rosberg won the bahrain grand prix on sunday afternoon . the briton secured his third win in four races this term . toto wolff believes nico was back to his best in sunday 's race . the ferrari star is 27 points adrift of mercedes team-mate sebastian vettel .
mick schumacher made his official pre-season test debut with van amersfoort on wednesday . the 16-year-old , son of seven-time f1 world champion michael , drew huge media interest to the oschersleben circuit in germany . this year reached the german formula 4 - a racing category used as a stepping stone by junior drivers .
a 66-year-old man has been charged with a ` breach of the peace ' . he reportedly set an australian flag on fire at the shrine of remembrance in anzac square on friday afternoon . the man will face brisbane magistrate 's court on the morning of saturday 's 100th anzac day commemoration service .
more than 1000 homes lost power between houston and dallas on saturday . the storm is expected to move up toward chicago in the next few days - while the north east enjoys balmy spring weather . cars floated in harris county as the state struggled to cope with the extreme weather system .
the young fox cub was stuck in a garden fence in leatherhead , surrey . wildlife expert simon cowell captured the mission on camera . he notes that the young fox is unable to go forwards or backwards . the cub is clearly distressed and spits at the wildlife expert 's incoming hand before lunging at him with its mouth open .
frankie franz watched the spanish right-back pull off the staggering trick shot in a video recorded at barcelona 's ciutat esportiva training ground earlier in the month . the clip shows the 23-year-old defender lifting the ball into the net to the sound of gasps from his team mates at the catalonia club . he moved the basketball hoop into the middle of the goal and after a little run up sent the ball straight through the net first time
shannon hayes , 12 , believes her pet hen , hen , has laid the world 's smallest ever egg . the tiny egg , which was laid in capel iwan , carmarthenshire , is smaller than a five pence piece . shannon spotted it among the ordinary-sized eggs in her hen coop .
jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball 's pyramid near lord howe island , in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand . the 39-year-old shared the moment he flew over what he 's described as an ` amazing and beautiful location ' with his friend luigi cani .
the worst storm in a decade in nsw has killed three people , left 215,000 homes without power . on tuesday waves reached spectacular heights of 11.2 metres , according to the manly hydraulics laboratory . some people ignored warnings from authorities to stay out of the water as wild storms lashed the eastern coast of australia .
lewis hamilton and jenson button have been taking advantage of the current formula one break in different ways this week . mercedes driver hamilton took to the water and enjoyed a jet surf session after winning the bahrain grand prix on sunday . button has been training for the marathon with his wife jessica michibata .
lewis hamilton has conceded to feeling more powerful now than at any stage in his f1 career . it is an ominous warning from a man who has won nine of the last 11 grands prix . hamilton is congratulated by ferrari rival kimi raikkonen on sunday .
manchester united striker james wilson says he would take wayne rooney 's free-kick-taking ability if he could have one of his qualities . wilson has scored one premier league goal this season against queens park rangers . the 19-year-old praised radamel falcao 's predatory instincts .
paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board . the system is broken and it desperately needs fixing if england are ever going to compete in limited-overs cricket again . too many of the current selectors and coaches are from the old guard and have failed to keep pace with the dramatic changes that have occurred in one-day cricket in recent years .
stan collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated villa 's 3-3 draw with qpr . the former villa striker let loose with his wild , and sometimes expletive laden , comments from the press box . talksport lead football pundit astonished reporters with his behaviour .
luis suarez was handed a four-month ban for biting italy defender giorgio chiellini during the world cup in brazil . the uruguay striker was condemned by world football but still completed a # 75million move from liverpool to the la liga side . his wife sofia has revealed that suarez told her he did n't bite the defender .
adam johnson was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a child . the 27-year-old has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 -- the same day sunderland travel to arsenal . if found guilty , johnson faces a lengthy prison term .
sunderland will not suspend adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . johnson has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 . sunderland are one point above the premier league drop zone and travel to stoke on saturday .
adam johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child . the 27-year-old will now appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 . johnson was initially arrested on monday , 2nd march and was charged after he answered his police bail today . the cps chief crown prosecutor for the north east said he believed there was a realistic prospect of conviction .
eden hazard is favourite to pick up the pfa player of the year award . cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are recognised as the world 's two best players . paul scholes believes hazard needs to be more selfish if he wants to be considered alongside cristaldo and messi .
wladimir klitschko will match joe louis in boxing 's record books with his 27th heavyweight title fight on saturday . the ukrainian boasts a 63-3-0 record heading into the bout against bryant jennings , who is 19-0 since taking up boxing six years ago .
wladimir klitschko faces bryant jennings on april 25 at new york 's madison square garden . the champion will still need six additional wins to match louis ' record of 25 . louis beat chris byrd for a sanctioning body title in april 2006 .
paul nicholls-trained mr mole is bracketed with irish raider special tiara and nicky henderson 's sprinter sacre . ap mccoy will be ridden by cheltenham gold cup winner nico de boinville in the absence of injured barry geraghty .
ap mccoy won the grand national in 2010 on do n't push it . jockey has been champion jockey every year he 's been a professional . he won the cheltenham gold cup for a second time when he steered synchronised home in 2012 . he has won 20 consecutive champion jump jockey titles .
chris gayle uploaded an instagram picture behind the dj decks ahead of the ipl season on tuesday . the 35-year-old is currently in india ahead of this year 's ipl tournament . gayle will be hoping to win royal challengers bangalore 's first-ever ipl crown this year .
wayne rooney has revealed he gets annoyed when fans chant his name at him in the street in an interview with ant and dec 's ` little ' counterparts on saturday night . the england captain enjoyed a kick-around with neil overend and hayden reid - or little ant as they are better known . rooney admitted in the interview that he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name in the streets .
paris saint-germain star david luiz teamed up with ezequiel lavezzi to play a prank on birthday boy zoumana camara . the # 50million centre back was part of a duo who conspired to dunk the 36-year-old 's face into his cake on his special day . the frenchman posted an ` after ' shot following the dunking , with the message : ` happy bday to my happy friend @z . camara !
manny pacquiao took a break from preparations for his $ 300million superfight against floyd mayweather on may 2 . the filipino superstar traded hill runs and graft in the wild card boxing gym for a touch of hollywood glamour as he appeared on friend mario lopez 's extra programme . just that morning pac-man was doing the hard yards ahead of the bout around his los angeles base , wearing trainers , shorts and a woolly hat for a road work session
ronda rousey appears in the latest movie in the franchise to be released on april 3 in the uk with her mma skills used to full effect . she stepped out in a sleek black dress handmade by london designers house of cb and a pair of tania spinelli heels for the event .
diego maradona has not worked since leaving united arab emirates club al-wasl in 2012 . the 54-year-old is widely considered one of the greatest players to have played the game and guided argentina to world cup glory in 1986 . he started with some shots to the head before turning his attention to the body .
branislav ivanovic could be targeted by bayern munich in january . the serbia captain has yet to open talks over a new contract at chelsea . paris saint-germain are set to make a # 7million bid for petr cech this summer .
inter milan will propose a loan with view to a permanent # 15million deal for stevan jovetic . the 25-year-old striker is keen to return to italy after making just 39 appearances since his # 22million move from fiorentina in 2013 . city would prefer the money up front and are reluctant to agree to a loan deal for the montenegro international .
victor wanyama took to social media on thursday in a bid to dismiss rumours he was set to quit southampton for arsenal . the saints midfielder claims that he has never spoken to arsene wenger over a move to the emirates . the 23-year-old was linked with the gunners before moving from celtic to southampton .
javier hernandez broke down in tears after scoring against atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-final . real madrid are unlikely to take up their option to buy the mexico striker . real want to place their money elsewhere , but real intend to find a striker who can offer a greater threat in reserve .
alan pardew admits he is disappointed to be linked with a raid on his former club for tim krul . the crystal palace manager insists he is happy with current no 1 julian speroni . the 53-year-old made the shock decision to leave newcastle in january .
radamel falcao has scored only four goals since arriving at manchester united from monaco last summer . the colombian is expected to leave in the summer , although juventus claim they can not afford him . juventus need to reinforce their forward line with palermo 's dybala and edinson cavani .
paulo dybala has scored 13 league goals for palermo this season . the 21-year-old has also attracted interest from manchester united , arsenal , paris saint-germain and atletico madrid . reports in italy suggest juventus have offered # 23million for the striker .
carlo ancelotti has already gone on record as to how important he believes the welshman is to real madrid . bale is out of real 's champions league quarter-final second leg against atletico on wednesday . the wales international has scored 17 goals for real this season .
kevin de bruyne 's agent expects to go ` around the world ' . patrick de koster admits he could receive 20 phone calls a day . wolfsburg midfielder has attracted interest from manchester city , bayern munich and paris saint-germain . click here for all the latest wolfsburg news .
yaya toure will not remain at manchester city just to pick up his wages . the premier league champions want to reshape their squad this summer . toure is wanted by his former manager roberto mancini . the 31-year-old has struggled to hit top form so far this season .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 in the premier league on saturday . kurt zouma has revealed he hopes to win the ballon d'or . the 20-year-old has been learning his trade alongside gary cahill and john terry . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
manchester united have made an official approach for memphis depay . the eredivisie champions have confirmed that the red devils have made a move over the holland international . louis van gaal is keen to make the 21-year-old one of his first signings this summer .
petr cech will hold talks with manager jose mourinho at the end of the season . the gunners are long-term admirers of cech and are considering a move for the keeper ahead of next season . liverpool , paris saint-germain , roma and inter milan are all showing an interest in the 32-year-old .
manchester city are preparing bids for english trio raheem sterling , ross barkley and jay rodriguez as part of a summer anglification of their squad . etihad stadium chiefs have moved to address the situation and are expected to lodge offers for liverpool winger sterling . the england flyer is valued at # 50m .
west ham are showing interest in crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur . the scotland international only joined palace last summer in a deal worth # 7million from wigan athletic . the 27-year-old has scored twice in 27 premier league appearances this season . click here for all the latest west ham united news .
alvaro morata was a target for arsenal a year ago when he left real madrid but opted for a move to italy instead . real have a buy-back option set at around # 15million but are unlikely to take that up . manchester city are keeping tabs on juventus striker paul pogba .
danny wilson has decided to leave tynecastle at the end of the season . the 23-year-old joined hearts on loan from liverpool in january 2013 . ronny deila has the former rangers player on a list of his summer targets . hearts manager robbie neilson admits it will be difficult to lose the defender .
juventus striker carlos tevez has refuted claims he will rejoin boca juniors in the summer . the 31-year-old has said he is yet to make a decision on his future . tevez scored a crucial goal during boca 's 2-0 win over river plate in 2004 .
carlos tevez has been told to terminate his contract with juventus . the former manchester city striker 's deal with the serie a champions does not expire until the end of next season . boca have confirmed they are close to completing a deal for the 31-year-old .
manchester united have been considering a bid for edinson cavani . the uruguayan striker missed several chances during his side 's champions league defeat to barcelona . radamel falcao expected to return to monaco , and robin van persie failing to hold down a starting place .
psv eindhoven midfielder georginio wijnaldum has favourited a tweet linking him with a move to the premier league . the 24-year-old has scored 16 goals in all competitions for psv this season . the psv captain could help his club end their seven-year wait for the eredivisie title if they beat heerenveen at home on saturday .
juventus and liverpool are continuing to monitor developments with chelsea midfielder oscar . the brazil international has been criticised by jose mourinho in recent weeks . juventus want a playmaker for next season and brazil boss carlos dunga advised them to buy the 23-year-old .
carlos tevez is under contract until the end of the season . the former manchester united , manchester city and west ham striker has always made clear that he hopes to finish his career at boca juniors in argentina . italian paper tuttosport calims tevez has already decided to leave the club this summer .
sheffield wednesday are ready to offer new contracts to defender tom lees and goalkeeper keiren westwood . the record has stood since 1978-79 in the days when jack charlton was manager . lees has been a key figure and like westwood is among the contenders for the club 's player of the year award .
chelsea have opened talks with patrick bamford over an improved contract . the chelsea youngster scored one and made one in boro 's 2-1 victory over play-off rivals wolves on tuesday evening . the 21-year-old is on loan at middlesbrough for the season .
victor moses has returned to chelsea after being ruled out for the season . the 24-year-old has been on loan at stoke but damaged his hamstring . stoke are still keen to strike a permanent deal for the nigeria international . hughes has been given licence to spend this summer .
chelsea will announce the # 4.5 million signing of brazilian wonderkid nathan on wednesday . the 19-year-old has been in london for talks with the blues this week . nathan will join fellow brazilians willian , ramires , filipe luis and oscar .
swansea have made a contract offer to marseille striker andre ayew . the 25-year-old is out of contract in the summer and free to talk to foreign clubs . ayew scored for ghana against germany and usa in last summer 's world cup .
arsene wenger has condemned the likes of jack wilshere and wojciech szczesny over smoking incidents . arsenal are unlikely to be the only club in the race to land sterling if liverpool fail to resolve the current contract impasse . manchester city , manchester united and chelsea are monitoring sterling 's contract talks closely .
zinedine zidane insists gareth bale will not be joining manchester united this summer . the real madrid legend says the 25-year-old was a big part in real 's success last year . bale has endured a difficult second season at real - with fans attacking his car after their el clasico loss at barcelona last month .
manchester city have decided to listen to offers for yaya toure and samir nasri this summer as the barclays premier league champions look to repair the damage of a disastrous title defence . city manager manuel pellegrini is under intense scrutiny following sunday 's 4-2 defeat by manchester united .
swansea city have expressed an interest in schalke full back christian fuchs . the 29-year-old is out of contract in the summer and is keen on a move to the premier league . swansea have been looking at bringing in another left-back since the summer .
tottenham want nabil bentaleb a new deal in order to ward off interest from rival teams . clubs from across europe are known to be monitoring the algeria international 's situation at white hart lane . bentaleb 's new deal is likely to see his wages rocket to around # 35,000-per-week .
helal abbas , 55 , lost his bid to become mayor of tower hamlets in london . the race was won by lutfur rahman , 50 , a controversial figure . mr abbas lost the election by 12,000 votes after the claim appeared in an ethnic freesheet .
a time lapse video shows the water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south forcing the partial closure of the t2 airport line . at one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo . about 2000 people in the hunter region - including the macdonald valley , webbs creek valley and colo valley - are expected to be isolated for days .
grace joy roseman died after she managed to manoeuvre herself over the edge of her crib and a ` safety ridge ' cut off the oxygen to her brain . west sussex coroner penelope schofield issued a report expressing concern over the bednest bedside cot . she said urgent action must be taken to prevent future deaths .
daniel o'reilly filmed his journey to sydney , via doha and melbourne . the british star came under fire last year after telling a female audience member at one of his shows she was ` gagging for a rape ' . despite his jibes being branded ` sexist ' his latest video shows he has n't changed tact .
footage of the brief contest was captured on a property near the amber mountain national park on the northern edge of madagascar . it shows the males sizing each other up before one is forced to retreat following a violent battle for the attention of a female chameleon . one of the chameleons twists in pain as the aggressor takes a huge bite out of him during their clash .
the man , 30 , opened fire in the queens section of the city after they responded to a call from a bar that shots had been fired . when he turned around to do so again he was shot dead . officers say they did recover a weapon from the scene . no officers were hurt during the incident .
blackburn striker rudy gestede has revealed his desire to play in the premier league next season . the 26-year-old has scored 20 goals in the championship for gary bowyer 's side this season . rovers ' promotion hopes over for this season the benin international has set his sights on a move away from the club .
celtic lost 1-0 to inverness in the scottish cup semi-final last weekend . ronny deila has called for similar transparency as in his norwegian homeland . the celtic manager said he still had a positive view of officiating in this country . deila said referees facing the media would help quell long-running furores .
mauricio pochettino will be given a hostile reception at st mary 's . southampton supporters are planning to show support for ronald koeman , his brother and assistant head coach erwin koeman and fitness coach jan kluitenberg . the argentine decided to leave southampton in order to take up the reins .
alan pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost crystal palace 's profile . eagles boss pardew slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds ' price-tag on yannick bolasie . the former newcastle boss was able to make five permanent signings in january .
josh meekings was cleared to play in the scottish cup final on may 30 . the inverness defender admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been red-carded . his admission preceded the player being cited by the sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan .
marseille beat marseille 5-3 at the stade velodrome on sunday . florian thauvin might have given the breton side a sixth-minute lead . jordan ayew punished his former club with a fine volley . yann jouffre 's free-kick saw ayew beat jeremy morel in the air .
ronald koeman has promised not leave southampton this summer . the dutch great took the reins of what many expected to be a sinking ship . barcelona and the likes of neymar are not of interest to koeman . cristiano ronaldo does not appeal over england 's south coast .
tottenham are considering a state-of-the-art stadium with a retractable pitch that enables them to become the home of a new nfl franchise . the bold design could involve a ` slide-out ' grass football pitch with an nfl-style synthetic surface housed underneath . the option of extra-large changing rooms is also being explored by architects .
west ham defender carl jenkinson says jack grealish should follow his heart when choosing ireland or england . the 23-year-old has been an instant hit since breaking into the first team . the aston villa midfielder is on loan from arsenal until the end of the season .
west ham became the first premier league club to reduce season ticket prices for fans . manager sam allardyce has said that filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club . west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as # 289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year .
mauricio pochettino spent 16 months as southampton manager . adkins had led southampton to back-to-back promotions into the barclays premier league and was fighting valiantly to keep them in it . but cortese 's decision proved to be an astute one and he took them to the next level .
dallas cowboys defensive end greg hardy has been suspended without pay for 10 games for conduct detrimental to the national football league . the decision to ban hardy , who last played for the carolina panthers , followed a two-month nfl investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february . hardy was informed in a letter by nfl commissioner roger goodell that the probe determined there was ` sufficient credible evidence that hardy engaged in conduct that violated
super bowl champions new england patriots will begin the 2015 nfl season at home to the pittsburgh steelers on september 10 . the nfl released the full schedule for the 2015 campaign on tuesday night . week one features a prime-time showdown between the new york giants and their nfc east rivals dallas cowboys .
former new england patriots star aaron hernandez was found guilty on wednesday of first-degree murder . the conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of odin lloyd , a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player . lloyd was shot six times in the middle of the night on june 17 , 2013 .
jimmy graham signed a deal with seattle which gives russell wilson a 6ft 7in target to aim at . the seahawks bounced back from 16-7 with just over two minutes remaining . bennett labelled the tight end ` soft ' and ` overrated ' .
charles tillman has concluded his storied 12-year career with the chicago bears . the veteran cornerback has agreed a deal with the carolina panthers with the two-time pro bowler opting to link-up with ron rivera . tillman started 152 of 156 games , but finished the past two seasons on injured reserve after tearing his right triceps .
the pittsburgh steelers ended last season without le'veon bell . bell was stopped in his camaro last august after a police officer noticed a strong smell of marijuana . former steeler legarrette blount and a female passenger were also in the car and the pair were charged with marijuana possession .
stan ridley has signed a one-year deal after suffering a tear to his right acl last season . the 26-year-old played just six games as the patriots won their sixth straight afc east title and went on to win the super bowl . he joins chris ivory and bilal powell at running back in a revamped jets offense .
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault . talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011 . the talibs left the area in a range rover and a jaguar and went to the xtc cabaret .
sarah thomas will be a line judge for the 2015 season . the 41-year-old was in the league 's officiating development program in 2013-14 . she was the first female official on the fbs level and the first to officiate a bowl game , the 2009 little caesars pizza bowl in detroit .
lesean mccoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso and says kelly 's team has a college feel and that he does n't like star talent . ' i do n't think -lsb- kelly -rsb- likes that it 's `` chip kelly and the eagles , ' he told the philadephia enquirer .
adrian peterson is to meet with the nfl to discuss his reinstatement . the minnesota vikings running back played once last season before being placed on the commissioner 's exempt list due to a child abuse case . the 30-year-old was due to be reinstated on april 15 .
sarah thomas is set to become the nfl 's first full-time female official for regular season games . the 42-year-old mother-of-three from mississippi has officiated pre-season games as a line judge . thomas has a history of trailblazing since beginning her refereeing career in 1999 .
efe obada has been signed by the dallas cowboys , despite playing just five games for the london warriors . the 22-year-old only took up the game last year and finds himself on an nfl roster in a remarkable tale . obada joins compatriot jack crawford on the cowboys roster .
the jacksonville jaguars have opened a competition for uk-based fans via nfluk.com . the winner will announce the draft picks live on sky sports in the uk and the nfl network in the united states . last year 's draft attracted 45.7 million viewers according to figures .
badou jack outpointed anthony dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion to take the wbc super-middleweight title . jack , the las vegas-based swede who fights under the banner of floyd mayweather jr. 's promotion company , connected with a big one-two combination in the ninth round . jack has won three straight fights after being stopped in the first round by derek edwards in 2014 .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao must buy advance tickets . tickets will cost # 6.60 and will go on sale through mgm resorts call centre and box office on friday at 8pm . all funds raised going to the charities chosen by mayweather - susan g. komen and the cleveland clinic lou ruvo center for brain health .
nicola adams has been forced to withdraw from this weekend 's english national championships . adams had been due to contest the women 's 51kg flyweight division including a prospective final showdown against lisa whiteside . the bout at liverpool 's echo arena was widely seen to have been an opportunity for adams to reassert her dominance over her rival .
unbeaten floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas . the welshman is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather . mayweather has an impressive record , winning all of his previous 47 professional career fights , 26 by knockout .
luke rockhold staked his claim in new jersey as the top middleweight contender in the ufc . rockhold beat lyoto machida by second-round submission in new york . the 36-year-old lost on his ufc debut in 2013 , then rebounded with wins over costas philippou , michael bisping .
lyoto machida showed the lengths he would go to make wake by sweating it out under an electric blanket . the brazilian tipped the scales on the welterweight limit of 185lb as he prepares to take on luke rockhold in new jersey on saturday night . machida earlier told sportsmail he hopes victory over rockhold would lead to a title shot .
luke rockhold is bidding for his fourth consecutive victory since losing to vitor belfort two years ago and has a title shot in his sights . the californian is bidding to extend his winning streak to five . machida lands a side kick as he works out in front of fans and media .
conor mcgregor has said he would beat floyd mayweather in less than 30 seconds if he was ever pitted against the best boxer in the world . mayweather is currently in training for his $ 300m mega-fight against manny pacquiao next month . roy jones jnr has repeatedly called for a fight against anderson silva .
ufc champion ronda rousey made her first in-ring performance on march 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in levi 's stadium in california . she admits she caught the bug but is focussed on her upcoming fight against fierce ufc rival bethe correia .
conor mcgregor has unveiled a new tattoo of a tiger on his stomach . the 26-year-old irishman has already got a picture of a gorilla eating a heart inked upon his chest . the irish fighter is challenging jose aldo for his featherweight title in las vegas on july 11 .
jimi manuwa does n't expect to spend more than 10 minutes in the octagon . the londoner takes on jan blachowicz tonight , more than a year after he suffered his first defeat to alexander gustafsson . he believes his ` aggression and killer instinct ' will help him finish his opponent inside two rounds .
mirko filipovic faces gabriel gonzaga in poland on saturday . cro crop lost to the brazilian in 2007 when a first-round head kick brought a swift end to the bout at ufc 70 . he is confident he can avenge the defeat on home territory .
conor mcgregor grabbed jose aldo 's belt when they took their promotional tour to dublin last week . the irishman said : ` he ca n't hide the fact he does n't want the belt in his presence ' . now watch sportsmail 's full interview with conor mcguinness .
jeff novitzky will join the ufc as the sport bids to clean up its act . anderson silva tested positive for drostanolone metabolites and androstane . barry bonds holds the mlb record for home runs but his achievements are tainted by allegations of ped use .
chad mendes beat ricardo lamas in the ufc fight night event in fairfax . the featherweight came out hard and fast , and quickly landed a right hand which inevitably led to lamas ' downfall . mendes piled on the pressure from the first bell despite lamas threatening him with a diverse array of striking techniques .
jose aldo and conor mcgregor may have taken the spotlight over the past two weeks when it comes to the ufc 's featherweight division . no 1 ranked chad mendes and no 4 ranked ricardo lamas meet in fairfax , in a bout which could potentially determine the next challenger to the title . mendes ' only two professional losses have come at the hands of the brazilian king and lamas also dropped a decision to aldise when the two
paula creamer first floated the idea on twitter following jordan spieth 's stunning victory at the masters on april 14 . creamer suggested a women 's event could be staged the week following the men 's showpiece in april . world no 27 creamer hits a tee shot on the 13th hole at ko olina golf club .
justin rose finished second in the zurich classic of new orleans . the 34-year-old has not been outside the top 15 on his last three outings at tpc louisiana . rose will play alongside two other players who performed well in the masters for the first two rounds .
lindsey vonn spoke about her relationship with tiger woods on the late night with seth meyers . the 30-year-old has been dating woods since 2013 and the pair 's relationship has grown stronger since vonn was pictured accompanying the former no 1 golfer 's children . vonn says daughter sam and son charlie are ` great kids ' and that woods is a ` great father ' .
bubba watson took to twitter on saturday to show fans a new trick he had been working on . the american flicked the ball to someone in the tree before they dropped it from a height . watson finished t-29 at the european tour event , despite being one of the favourites to seal a third green jacket in four years .
sir nick faldo and tom watson will make their final open appearances in front of the largest arena in the championship 's 155-year history at st andrews in july . three-time winner faldo has confirmed he will cross the famous swilcan bridge for the final time on the 25th anniversary of his victory on the old course .
jim furyk defeated kevin kisner on the second play-off hole to win the rbc heritage title at hilton head . the former us open champion carded a superb final round eight-under-par 63 which included six birdies on his first nine holes to move ahead of overnight leader troy merritt . kisner also tied at 18 under when he sank a birdie with his final putt .
li hao-tong won his second european tour title in shenzhen on sunday . the 19-year-old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par . overnight leader aphibarnrat two shots behind with two holes to play .
kiradech aphibarnrat fired six birdies in the space of nine holes . the 25-year-old has one european tour win to date when he won the malaysian open in 2013 . bubba watson struggled to his second consecutive round of 74 to finish two over par .
jordan spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62 to sit six under . troy merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at harbour town golf links and open up a four-shot lead at the top of the standings .
scottish golfer carly booth took to instagram to show off her bikini body . the 22-year-old is currently in mauritius for a photo shoot with golf punk magazine . booth became the youngest-ever scot to qualify for the ladies european tour at the tender age of 17 .
jordan spieth finished the first round of the rbc heritage on three over par . the 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since dominating in augusta to win by four shots from justin rose and phil mickelson . after his round , spieth told sky sports 4 he had no idea how many interviews and appearances he has made since sunday .
rory mcilroy 's powers of persuasion have resulted in us open champion martin kaymer , former world number one luke donald and american ryder cup star patrick reed . reed let the cat out of the bag on the final day of the masters at augusta national , also revealing he would compete in the bmw pga championship at wentworth the week before . the addition of kaymer and donald means the tournament will feature five players who
bubba watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off huang wen-yi 's lead at the shenzhen international . the american finished 38th at augusta national on sunday as the defence of his masters crown finished in disappointing fashion . watson carded eight birdies and two bogeys in his six-under-par round .
jordan spieth arrived at sea pines resort late tuesday night after a media whirlwind in new york since tying tiger woods ' masters record of 18-under 270 . the 21-year-old said it was a dizzying stretch with 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours . spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events .
rory mcilroy battled with fifty shades of grey star jamie dornan . the world no 1 golfer defeated the film star 2-1 to take the crown . the 25-year-old did his best to repair the damage of a below-par opening 27 holes but the battle came too late to challenge long-time leader jordan spieth .
martina navratilova issued statements on friday to announce the parting . radwanska is only 13-11 this season , including a first-round loss on wednesday in a clay-court tournament at stuttgart , germany . the french open starts on may 24 .
angelique kerber beat maria sharapova 2-6 , 7-5 , 6-1 in the second round . the top-seeded russian won four straight games to clinch the first set . she will be replaced by simona halep of romania when the rankings are updated on monday .
rafael nadal was dumped out of the barcelona open by fabio fognini . the world no 4 was looking for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court . nadal beat pablo andujar 6-3 , 6-4 against fifth-seed feliciano lopez .
agnieszka radwanska is the latest top seed to bow out of the porsche grand prix in stuttgart . italian clay specialist errani dumped out the polish seventh-seed 7-6 -lrb- 8/6 -rrb- 6-4 in a tense match on wednesday that lasted two hours and eight minutes . ana ivanovic , the 2014 runner-up , lost to caroline garcia for the third time this year .
rafael nadal beat nicolas almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the barcelona open third round . the pair met in the 2013 barcelona final , when nadal claimed his eighth title . nadal is looking to rediscover his best form on the red dust ahead of the french open next month .
u.s. open champion marin cilic was eliminated in the second round . santiago giraldo of colombia beat joao sousa of portugal 6-3 , 3-6 , 6-1 . estrella celebrated after placing a long forehand out of cilic 's reach on match point .
serbian fifth seed ana ivanovic was seen off 7-6 -lrb- 8/6 -rrb- 6-4 by france 's garcia . garcia won their first round clash in the clay court porsche tennis grand prix . makarova beat bethanie mattek-sands of the united states .
british tennis fans face a wimbledon-type scramble for davis cup quarter-final tickets this summer . under 3,000 tickets may be available to the kind of supporters who created such an electric atmosphere in glasgow for last month 's first round . the rest will go to various organisations and governing bodies .
top seed kei nishikori beat teymuraz gabashvili 6-3 6-4 on tuesday . the other seeds to advance to the third round were both spaniards - seventh seed roberto bautista-agut and ninth seed tommy robredo . rafael nadal 's first match of this year 's tournament will be a second-round clash with fellow spaniard nicolas almagro .
jose mourinho was given a tour of sw19 as part of a new deal between jaguar and the all england lawn tennis club . the chelsea manager also said sw19 was ` more than a grand slam ' due to its traditions and aura . murray beat novak djokovic , 7-5 , 6-4 during the 2013 final .
british captain leon smith and his lead player had made it clear that they wanted to take on the strong french team on grass . tickets go on sale on may 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly with the likely capacity of the one court used being around 7,000 .
serena williams beat sara errani 4-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- 6-3 in the fed cup play-off . the american was beaten 3-2 as william 's and alison riske were thrashed 6-0 6-2 in the doubles rubber . the us were relegated to world group ii .
novak djokovic beat rafa nadal in the monte carlo masters semi-finals . the serbian world number one has been an unstoppable force in recent weeks , winning 17 matches on the bounce . nadal is looking to win a sixth consecutive french open , and a tenth in total .
novak djokovic beat tomas berdych 7-5 4-6 6-3 at monte carlo on sunday . the serbian became the first player to win the opening three atp world tour masters 1000 events . the world no 1 came through to extend his winning streak to 17 matches .
lewis hamilton won the bahrain grand prix ahead of kimi raikkonen . the finn has never been happier during his formula one career . maurizio arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method to keep his desire to remain with the maranello marque high .
jenson button was denied his 100th race for mclaren after an energy recovery system prevented him from making it to the start-line . the briton spent much of the race on twitter delivering his verdict as the action unfolded . rosberg has now beaten his mercedes team-mate only once in the 11 races since the pair infamously collided in belgium last year .
formula one supremo bernie ecclestone has confirmed azerbaijan will stage the european grand prix . the race will be held in the capital of baku , despite the country 's poor human rights record . the sport recently published a ` statement of commitment to respect for human rights ' that was posted on the formula1.com website .
jenson button failed to start the bahrain grand prix in sakhir . the british driver was set to start from the back of the grid . but despite frantic work from his mclaren team to get his car ready . button took to twitter to update his fans following yet another car failure .
jenson button made it a hat-trick in qualifying for the bahrain grand prix . the 35-year-old ground to a halt with what the team believe to be another electrical issue . racing director eric boullier insists the problems are ` unrelated ' and ` just glitches stopping the car ' .
lewis hamilton has dominated roberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign . the mercedes team-mate was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton . the bahrain grand prix will take place on sunday , with hamilton looking to bounce back from heat stroke .
lewis hamilton took pole position under the lights at sakhir by four-tenths of a second from sebastian vettel of ferrari . mercedes team-mate nico rosberg qualified second and third respectivley . hamilton made it four poles out of four this season under lights .
ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene has urged kimi raikkonen to prove himself if he wants to stay with the maranello marque . the finn stated this week he has never been happier working with a team in his entire f1 career . the 35-year-old has recovered well in the last two races in malaysia and china to finish fourth .
nico rosberg topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647 secs , finishing 0.115 secs quicker than team-mate lewis hamilton after the reigning champion locked up in the second sector . the german trails hamilton by 17 points in the drivers ' standings .
jenson button left to reflect on ` not a great day ' and fears he will again be at the back of the grid for sunday 's bahrain grand prix . the mclaren suffered an electrical fault that cut the engine and forced him into a spin at turn one of the circuit . the 35-year-old ultimately finished down in 19th place , sandwiched between manor duo will stevens and roberto merhi .
formula one supremo bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to think the unthinkable -- and consider a move from mercedes to ferrari . rosberg was slower in sectors one and two of fp2 but a mistake from hamilton gifted him first place .
davy condon was riding portrait king in the grand national at aintree when he fell at the third-last , leaving him with a spinal concussion . it was the second time within a year that the rider suffered a similar injury . condon had resigned himself to the fact he would be out of action for a lengthy period of time but after seeing a specialist on wednesday he has been advised to call time on his career .
robbie mcnamara broke eight ribs , cracked six vertebrae and has no feeling in his legs . the jockey was due to partner last year 's cheltenham gold cup winner lord windermere in the crabbie 's grand national at aintree . he was able to leave his bed for the first time to enjoy the sunshine on tuesday .
french trainer freddy head likens his 2,000 guineas hope ride like the wind to last year 's fifth-placed runner charm spirit . both the runner-up that day , make believe , and the fifth home , sinfonietta , could reoppose to make it a three-pronged french assault .
arsenal legend ian wright has been confirmed as the man who will present ap mccoy with his 20th and final champion jockeys trophy at sandown on saturday . wright had seven seasons at arsenal and broke every scoring record in the book . arsenal legend thierry henry was asked to present the award but sky did not allow it .
retiring jockey ap mccoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at sandown on saturday if he can secure mounts . there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35 . both would be appropriately named last ever rides for the peerless champion .
northampton host saracens in saturday 's top-of-the-table meeting . flanker tom wood claims saints ' opponents have ` smelt blood ' . the saints were dumped out of the champions cup quarter-finals . clermont and exeter have done little to restore confidence .
jack cosgrove has agreed to join edinburgh on a two-year deal . the 20-year-old worcester warriors prop has been capped nine times for the dark blues under 20s side . edinburgh reach the european cup final after beating newport gwent dragons in the semi-final .
gloucester will face a rugby football union hearing after selecting lock mariano galarza for their league game against sale sharks on march 29 . the rfu has said that the case will be heard by an independent panel of jeremy summers , bonike erinle and robert horner . gloucester currently lie ninth in the aviva premiership , and it is feasible that they could be hit by a points deduction .
england centre manu tuilagi has not featured for england since october . the 23-year-old has been out of action since the three-test summer tour of new zealand in 2014 . the tigers three-quarter impressed throughout the series and looked set to have a stellar season in 2015 .
matt giteau has been an outstanding force for toulon in the french club 's back-to-back heineken cup triumphs and top 14 title success last season . the 32-year-old has not featured for australia since he missed out on selection for the 2011 world cup in new zealand . toulon will pick ` elite ' players based abroad -- providing they have 60 caps and seven years of professional service at home .
saracens no 8 billy vunipola , toulon flanker steffon armitage and clermont full back nick abendanon have all been shortlisted for the european player of the year award . the pair are joined on the shortlist by leinster captain jamie heaslip .
edinburgh have confirmed ulster back michael allen will join the club this summer . the 24-year-old joins alan solomons ' side on a two-year deal . allen admits his move from belfast to the scottish capital will take him out of his comfort zone .
andy farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year . england will take on the south sea islanders in the world cup curtain-raiser on september 18 at england hq in a tournament that will encompass 48 matches spread across 44 days of action . farrell believes the tournament will start in a few weeks ' time .
davy mcgregor was hurt after being caught by an opponent 's hip or shorts . the former ulster hooker took to twitter to show off his battle scars . the barbarians won the clash 97-31 , which took place to celebrate the 125th anniversary of both sides being formed .
australian rugby union reacted to the flood of top players heading abroad with a groundbreaking policy shift which will allow experienced wallabies playing at foreign clubs to be selected for test matches . players with over 60 caps playing overseas could now be selected -lrb- giteau -rrb- . other players based abroad will immediately become eligible if they commit to playing super rugby in australia for the following two seasons .
mike brown was taken off after clashing with italy 's andrea masi . brown has continued to suffer headaches nine weeks after his injury . harlequins director conor o'shea has ruled brown out of saturday 's aviva premiership match against sale and he is not expected to face bath the following week .
mike fitzgerald has helped the waikato-based chiefs win two super rugby titles . the 28-year-old new zealander is set to follow waratahs wing peter betham to welford road as leicester prepare for next season . leicester rugby director richard cockerill said : ` mike will be a good addition to our group of locks ' .
alastair cook and jonathan trott are the sixth english pair to score more than 100 runs together on 10 occasions . new zealand all-rounder corey anderson could miss the test series in england with a broken finger . jermaine blackwood was twice being hit in the body by cook shots after spinner devindra bishoo dragged down a couple of long hops .
england 's joe root has every hope the team can kick on and win the second test against west indies . captain alastair cook got 76 in a century stand with jonathan trott at the top before gary ballance 's 77 boosted his partnership with root . the end of the day was slightly marred by the loss of three quick wickets .
ben stokes sent marlon samuels on his way with a military-style salute . the durham all-rounder smashed a devendra bishoo long-hop straight to deep square leg . stokes had given his wicket away just before the close of the third day . west indies great curtly ambrose , now the bowling coach , insisted that stokes was just having a bit of fun .
england 's joe root is 118 not out at stumps on day three of the second test against the west indies . ben stokes is giving a salute send-off by his west indian rival marlon samuels after holing out for eight runs . root and gary ballance run between wickets as they easily work the west bowling around on a hot day in grenada .
stuart broad produced his best and quickest bowling since knee surgery last year to take three wickets for 19 here in grenada . devendra bishoo and shannon gabriel lifted west indies to 299 . jonathan trott joined forces to hit their first half-century partnership .
alastair cook passed alec stewart 's 8,463 runs to become england 's second highest test run-scorer . cook had watched west indies ' last pair of devendra bishoo and shannon gabriel add an unlikely 52 to undo much of the good work provided by a welcome burst of wickets from stuart broad .
australian batsman aaron finch has had surgery on his left hamstring . finch sustained the injury playing for the mumbai indians in the indian premier league and returned to melbourne on tuesday . the 28-year-old was scheduled to join english county side yorkshire at the end of may .
ben stokes was involved in a war of words with west indies batsman marlon samuels last night after a hard-fought opening day of the second test . the two clashed repeatedly on the pitch and the durham all-rounder , saying : ` the english boys do n't learn ' . stokes is spoken to by umpire steve davis after the match .
cook 's bradman jinx . with overcast conditions and moisture in the air , it 's easy to see why the out-of-nick alastair cook put west indies in to bat . on test match special , graeme swann revealed the exact moment cook 's form with the bat took a turn for the worse .
kawhi leonard scored 32 points as the san antonio spurs beat the los angeles clippers 2-1 on friday . the clippers had won the first game of the series convincingly at the staples center , but must now come from behind after two straight defeats . boris diaw had 15 points and danny green added 11 for the spurs .
zara phillips won silver in the team equestrian section of the eventing at london 2012 on board high kingdom . the horse was being tacked up in his stable ahead of its early evening test , uk time , when he kicked out and suffered a cut leg . kentucky is the first of this year 's major competitions .
stephen curry scored 40 points as the golden state warriors beat new orleans pelicans 123-119 . the bulls also established a 3-0 series lead , as did cleveland against boston . curry hit seven 3s in all , including one to start overtime that gave the warriors the lead for good .
michael van gerwen and gary anderson beat james wade 7-0 . world no 1 anderson lost a game apiece during an eventful night . raymond van barneveld came from behind to defeat dave chisnall and phil taylor drew 6-6 with adrian lewis .
judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 in the first round of the world championship in sheffield . the 25-year-old closed with a century and will now face marco fu . trump led 7-2 from wednesday and got the job done despite a good display by carrington .
paula radcliffe said she ` was close to pulling out ' of the london marathon . the 41-year-old has worked with the likes of ronaldo , michael owen and usain bolt . muller-wohlfahrt has made sure radcliffe will race .
alejandro valverde sprinted to victory ahead of julian alaphilippe and michael albasini in a race which saw former winner philippe gilbert pull out . froome was involved in a crash in the final 12 kilometres but was able to get back on his bike and finish .
ronnie o'sullivan moved into the second round of the world snooker championship on wednesday . the five-time world champion was a 10-3 winner against craig steadman , a 32-year-old from manchester . he might have faced a fine of around # 250 for briefly playing on without shoes .
africa will host it 's first-ever nba match this summer with basketball stars chris paul and luol deng taking part in an exhibition match . the encounter will feature a team africa vs team world format at the iconic ellis park stadium in johannesburg , south africa . team world will be comprised of players from the continent and of second generation .
cleveland and houston all earned 2-0 leads in their nba first-round playoff series . the wizards , cavaliers and rockets joining monday 's winners chicago and golden state with the early two-game buffer in the best-of-seven series . washington lost 15 of their final 19 road games in the regular season but rediscovered their best away from home in time for the playoffs .
reanne evans saw her 10-year reign as women 's world snooker champion . the 29-year-old lost narrowly to ken doherty in the first round of qualifying for the crucible-staged betfred world championship . evans has dominated the ladies ' game and in 2010 became the first woman to be afforded the chance to qualify for men ' events since 1994 .
tiger jinhui was on for a maxumum break of 147 before screwing back for the blue instead of the black . the chinese world no 3 realised what he had done and chuckled during his first-round match with mark davis . ding would have pocketed # 30,000 for a maximum break , which has only been achieved 10 times in the world championships at the crucible theatre in sheffield .
jimmy butler set a play-off career-high for the second straight game . chicago bulls beat the milwaukee bucks 91-82 on monday to take a 2-0 lead in their first-round nba play-offs series . butler was at his best down the stretch , scoring 14 points in the fourth quarter .
neil robertson beat jamie jones 10-2 in the betfred world championship . the australian looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on monday with a 7-2 overnight lead . the 33-year-old has committed more hours to the game than ever before .
cesc fabregas returns to arsenal on sunday and arsene wenger hopes fans will give him a good reception . wenger was at his cryptic best on thursday when asked if it was his call to not take up an option he had to re-sign the player , saying : ` we will have to discuss that one day with all the terms ' .
aston villa striker gabriel agbonlahor posted a video of himself performing a boxing workout with a trainer . the 28-year-old missed villa 's semi-final win over liverpool last weekend because of a troublesome hamstring injury . villa face manchester city in the fa cup final at wembley on saturday .
chris ramsey believes his appointment at aston villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence . nigel pearson believes the club have a more realistic chance . leicester city have an impressive record of scoring a point in the premier league this season , while liverpool are bottom of the table .
sean dyche has attempted to protect danny ings by calling on the rest of his team-mates to share the goalscoring burden to keep the team in the premier league . ings has n't scored since february 11 -- a run of eight matches -- and missed his side 's best chance in saturday 's 1-0 defeat at everton . dyche needs ings to rediscover his mojo quickly , starting with the critical home game against leicester city
yannick bolasie has been in fine form in recent weeks as palace have enjoyed a successful second half of the season . alan pardew says all his players are ` undervalued ' as the selhurst park club bid to assert their barclays premier league clout . the former newcastle boss is ready to fend off big-money bids for his in-demand stars like scott dann .
everton manager roberto martinez insists keeping kevin mirallas happy is key to holding on to him in the summer . mirallas has been linked with a move away from everton . the 27-year-old has scored his first premier league goal since december 28 in last weekend 's win over burnley .
former everton chairman sir phillip carter passed away on thursday . carter also served as a vice-president of the football association . former everton boss bill kenwright paid tribute to sir philip , who he recalled to the board of directors at goodison park for a second time in 2008 .
romelu lukaku is everton 's top scorer this season with 18 goals . the belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland but found the perfect response . the 21-year-old hailed the work rate of strike partner arouna kone .
roberto martinez wants to get the most out of aaron lennon 's loan spell . the tottenham winger has been one of the more impressive performers since moving to goodison park in the winter transfer window . the 28-year-old has just four more matches to impress as he is ineligible to play against his parent club .
charlie austin is hoping to fire qpr to safety , but will his goals be enough . sunderland will stay up by the skin of their teeth and the bottom three go down . the rest involved in the wacky races at the top of the championship . liverpool , norwich , watford , middlesbrough and watford are all interested .
hull city lost 2-0 to southampton at st mary 's stadium on saturday . steve bruce is confident he can keep hull city in the premier league . hull have six games to save their season including nightmare fixtures against liverpool , arsenal , tottenham and manchester united .
esteban cambiasso is wanted by delhi dynamos for india 's i-league . the 34-year-old signed a one-year deal with leicester last summer . leicester are currently 18th in the premier league . the foxes have won their last three games in the league .
liverpool lost 2-1 to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . brendan rodgers insists he is the man to guide liverpool to success despite a disappointing season . liverpool owners maintain rodgers ' job is not even up for discussion but that has not stopped jurgen klopp .
steve mcclaren is understood to be one of two people on newcastle 's short list for the head coach role at st james ' park next season . the rams head coach is reluctant to discuss the continuing reports . john carver is the current incumbent in the newcastle hotseat having replaced alan pardew in january .
newcastle slumped to a sixth straight defeat at home to spurs last weekend . thousands of supporters boycotted the match in protest at a lack of ambition and investment from owner mike ashley . ashleyout.com are now encouraging supporters to ` stand up to ashley ' when swansea visit st james ' park on saturday .
leroy fer could be rushed back from a knee injury to give queens park rangers a boost in the relegation fight . the dutch midfielder has not appeared since he damaged medial ligaments in his knee during in a 2-0 win at sunderland in mid-february . chris ramsey admits the club are taking a chance on fer in bid to beat relegation .
queens park rangers are in the drop zone of the barclays premier league . chris ramsey believes his side will stay in the premier league with three wins . he believes qpr 's chances of achieving these victories from games against west ham , liverpool , manchester city , newcastle and leicester will hinge on their ability to kick the habit of conceding late goals .
mauricio pochettino is returning to st mary 's for the first time since he signed a five-year deal at spurs last may . southampton fans are campaigning to show support for their dutch manager ronald koeman , his brother and assistant head coach erwin koeman and fitness coach jan kluitenberg .
england under 21 captain jack butland has revealed voting for team-mate harry kane as this season 's pfa young player of the year . butland joined his england manager gareth southgate and former world cup legend michael owen at st george 's park on thursday . the 22-year-old stoke city goalkeeper is bidding to be the first england captain to lift the european under 21 championship since dave sexton 's team won
thibaut verlinden is a highly regarded member of belgium 's u16 squad . the 15-year-old has had trials with liverpool and everton . stoke retain an interest in lee cattermole whose contract talks have been put on hold until their premier league fate is resolved .
mark hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension for in-demand goalkeeper asmir begovic . the bosnian goalkeeper kept stoke in the game during a one-sided first half at the britannia stadium on saturday . stoke boss mark hughes is keen to keep begovic at the club as he looks to stabilise them in the top ten .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at the emirates on sunday . craig gardner starred as tony pulis ' west bromwich albion side gave him a winning return to crystal palace . tom heaton produced a string of saves against everton and saved ross barkley 's penalty .
swansea have revived their interest in blackburn rovers striker rudy gestede . manager garry monk has made a striker his priority for the summer . blackburn face a dilemma this summer as they contend with financial fairplay restrictions with middlesbrough , derby and nottingham forest ready to bid for jordan rhodes too .
leonardo ulloa was not supposed to be starting this match , left out in favour of andrej kramaric . inside 15 minutes he scored a goal that provided the platform for a victory that looks increasingly like being part of a truly great escape . leicester 's andy king 's late second goal and the sight of their team moving off the bottom of the table for the first time since november .
harry kane is nominated for both the pfa player and young player of the season . the tottenham striker is up against chelsea 's eden hazard and alexis sanchez for the top prize . kane has been released ahead of the awards ceremony on sunday .
west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 last saturday to move them eight points clear of the premier league relegation zone . tony pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams . the baggies also face manchester united , chelsea and arsenal in their final five games .
sebastien pocognoli says he 's baffled by tony pulis ' decision to drop him from the starting 11 . belgian defender says he could n't get his head around the decisions being made . west brom have improved since pulis took over from alan irvine .
tottenham beat newcastle united 3-1 at st. james ' park on sunday . harry kane scored his 30th goal of the season for the pfa young player of the year award . the 21-year-old has now scored 20 premier league goals in his breakthrough season with tottenham .
west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as # 289 when the club move to the olympic stadium . the cheapest season ticket at upton park is # 620 but there will be # 289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season . manager sam allardyce believes filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club .
andre blackman stole a jacket worth more than # 1,000 from the world famous store in knightsbridge . he was ordered to carry out 40 hours of unpaid work after hammersmith magistrates ' court was told he fled from the shop with the jacket . blackman has already played for 11 clubs in his short career .
adam rooney does not want to see celtic win the league on their patch on may 11 . the aberdeen striker expects aberdeen to be fully motivated to prevent a green-and-white party from getting underway . the 27-year-old striker made the shortlist for pfa scotland player of the year .
chris sutton has branded alan muir ` idiotic ' for failing to see a handball by inverness caley thistle defender josh meekings in sunday 's scottish cup semi-final . sutton says muir should be kept away from high-profile games if he 's not up to the job .
josh meekings was served with a retrospective notice of complaint by compliance officer tony mcglennan after handling a goal-bound header from leigh griffiths in sunday 's controversial semi-final . celtic had goalkeeper craig gordon sent off in the second half as their chances of a rare domestic treble turned to dust .
ronny deila was angry at the referee 's decision to send off josh meekings and award his side a penalty . the inverness defender handled leigh griffiths goal-bound header but none of the officials saw it . deila chose his reaction to the penalty furore carefully saying : ' i do n't think i have to say much about that ' .
celtic were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2 . leigh griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings . john hartson has urged his former club to move on from the injustice .
stuart mccall says he is already looking at transfer targets for next season . the interim ibrox manager still does not know if he will be in charge . gers host celtic in the scottish championship table on june 1 . click here for all the latest ibrox news .
celtic have written to the sfa seeking ` to understand ' how the match officials failed to spot the hand josh meekings used to block a leigh griffiths shot in their semi-final defeat to inverness . brown was part of the ibrox side which contested an old firm scottish cup final with two trophies already banked .
rangers have held their first meeting with mike ashley since assuming control at ibrox . interim chairman paul murray and director john gilligan held talks with ashley and other members of the sports direct hierarchy on wednesday . supporters will hope it may represent an initial step towards finding an amicable way forward with the billionaire owner of newcastle united .
walter smith says ally mccoist deserves a chance to prove himself as a successful manager at a stable club . ibrox legend worked closely with kenny mcdowall before the duo assumed the reins at rangers during four years of unprecedented turmoil off and on the pitch . smith is still earning # 14,000 a week while his 12-month notice period runs down .
former rangers defender john brown insists ally mccoist will be welcomed back to ibrox ` with open arms ' . the 53-year-old has not been spotted at his old stomping ground since his appearance appeared at last month 's general meeting to see the board which axed him as boss . brown insists king 's team will never turn their back on a man who struck 355 goals in light blue .
walter smith is reluctant to predict a permanent end to hostilities . the rangers chairman-elect has still to obtain the sfa clearance he needs for a seat in the boardroom . details of how the club proposes to stabilise the finances have yet to come . the championship promotion play-offs threaten more landmines than the somme .
isco returned to the real madrid starting xi for the second leg of the madrid derby in the quarter-finals . despite being one of real 's best players this season , isco fell straight back out of the team when james rodriguez returned to fitness . the spaniard admitted he was unhappy with life at the bernabeu .
aston villa host manchester city in the fa cup fourth round on saturday . fabian delph scored against liverpool in the semi-final in february . tim sherwood is confident aston villa can secure their premier league survival with five games remaining . click here for all the latest villa news .
bacary sagna has played only 16 times for manchester city this season . the france international insists he does not regret leaving the emirates . the 32-year-old says he would have done the same choice if he was faced with the decision again . sagna departed arsenal on the back of winning the fa cup but faces a year without a trophy at city .
arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . arsene wenger has failed to win in 12 games against jose mourinho . the arsenal manager says the past shared between the two managers on the touchline in sunday 's 4pm kick-off will be irrelevant .
mauricio pochettino has blamed tottenham 's lunchtime lethargy . of 10 premier league matches kicking off at 12.00 , 12.45 or 1.30 . spurs have won two - against qpr last august and arsenal in february - collecting nine points out of a possible 30 .
bayern munich manager pep guardiola has yet to commit his future to bayern beyond the end of the 2016-16 season . ottmar hitzfeld believes the german giants should replace guardiola with borussia monchengladbach boss lucien favre . the spaniard has been in the dugout at the allianz arena since last season .
real madrid host barcelona in the olympiastadion on june 6 . javier hernandez 's late winner against atletico madrid sent real madrid into the champions league semis . cristiano ronaldo is looking for his third champions league trophy and second in a row with real .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola will see out his three-year contract . the spaniard has repeatedly been linked with a possible move to manchester city . speculation intensified after bayern 's 3-1 champions league quarter-final , first-leg loss at porto last week .
floyd mayweather takes the plunge in the cryosauna which is cooled to -175 f -lrb- -115 c -rrb- using liquid nitrogen and mayweather spends up to three minutes in the chamber . the boxer was the first person to use the bath in subzero recovery in las vegas . cryotherapy is a growing trend in sports with the wales rugby team travelling to poland for sessions in 2012 .
manny pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in los angeles on wednesday . pacquaio works out in the ring in front of the world 's media and talked about his upcoming fight with floyd mayweather . the filipino star works on his body shots with trainer freddie roach .
floyd mayweather jnr recalls the reaction of his friends on the day he set himself up as an independent boxing business . manny pacquiao will also earn more than $ 100million in las vegas on may 2 . mayweather is a little more than two weeks away from the richest-ever boxing fight of all time .
floyd mayweather is down to within three-and-a-half pounds of the welterweight limit with more than three weeks still to go . the boxers are required to weigh no more than 10 per cent in excess of the 147 lb welter limit . pacquiao is also understood to be comfortably within the 30-day stipulation .
manny pacquiao laughed with trainer freddie roach on monday after shapiro gave him a custom-made speed ball with mayweather 's face painted on it . the pacman 's speed and work rate are expected to be his biggest weapon against mayweather when they take the ring in less than three weeks .
floyd mayweather jnr took to the pool before completing a few lengths of a swimming pool . the boxer enjoyed a few laps of the swimming pool before doing some underwater resistance training . the fight on may 2 is expected to break the pay-per-view record of $ 152million set by that fight in 2013 .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao will generate revenue upwards of $ 300 million in what is being billed as the most lucrative bout in boxing history . mayweather posted an update to his instagram account on friday as he embarked on another shopping trip . iyanna says she is amazed by her dad 's work ethic in the gym .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao meet in las vegas on may 2 . the filipino is as renowned for showing off his extravagant lifestyle . mayweather appeared to take his training intensity to a new height . click here for all the latest mayweather vs mayweather team news .
floyd mayweather gave fans an inside look of his private jet via his shots account on wednesday . the orthodox fighter is putting his two belts , and his unbeaten record , on the line when he takes on philippine star manny pacquiao . rasheda ali revealed that her father respects mayweather 's boxing capabilities but also admires how he handles himself away from the ring .
american boxing fans will have to pay up to # 67.48 if they want to watch floyd mayweather 's showdown with manny pacquiao . the fight will set viewers back $ 89.95 -lrb- # 60.70 -rrb- , but any hd surcharge up to $ 10 could be added on by tv providers . sky won the bidding war to screen the fight on british shores .
arsenal host liverpool at emirates stadium -lrb- saturday 3pm -rrb- . danny welbeck picked up a knee injury while on international duty with england and remains a doubt . alex oxlade-chamberlain remains unavailable for england . daniel sturridge expected to have recovered from hip injury to face arsenal .
tottenham host tottenham hotspur at turf moor -lrb- sunday 3pm -rrb- . stephen ward should be back in contention for burnley . matt taylor , who has not featured since august , is also nearing a return . danny rose will be assessed after returning early from an england call-up with hamstring and hip issues .
the draw for the europa league semi-finals was made on friday morning at uefa 's headquarters in nyon . fiorentina overcame tottenham , roma and dynamo kiev en route to the last four and have home advantage for the second leg . rafael benitez 's napoli take on dnipropetrovsk of ukraine for a place in the warsaw final .
manchester city have already met jurgen klopp to assess him for the manager 's job . txiki begiristain met the borussia dortmund manager in 2013 . the club went on to appoint manuel pellegrini this summer . but the club is running smoothly off the pitch without internal tensions .
jurgen klopp rejected the overtures of west ham united after handing in his notice at borussia dortmund . the hammers need a coach of high ambition to underline the size of the venture . allardyce has often talked of the qualities he could bring to an elite club .
jurgen klopp is on the radar of a number of top clubs after announcing he will leave dortmund at the end of the season . the frenchman has long been linked with taking over from wenger . the 47-year-old has two years left on his contract at dortmund .
thomas tuchel will replace borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp at the start of july . klopp revealed on wednesday he was leaving dortmund at the end of the season after seven years at dortmund . the 41-year-old carved a name for himself at german club mainz .
kenya president isaiah kiplagat announced the decision monday to suspend two athlete management companies , the netherlands ' volare sports and italy 's rosa & associati . ak did not make accusations against the companies , but said they would be suspended from working in kenya for six months so that investigations can be carried out .
david cameron 's party has mps in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in england 's top four divisions . only chelsea , who voted tory , fittingly blue , and burnley are any different , while lib dems hold sway . both manchester clubs , liverpool and arsenal are all located in solid labour seats .
usain bolt is currently in rio de janeiro , acclimatising ahead of next year 's olympic games in the brazilian capital . the jamaican sprinter ran the 200 metres in 19.19 sec at the 2009 world championships in berlin . bolt says he is almost impossible to beat when he is fully fit .
usain bolt walked into a small gym at the base of rio de janeiro 's mangueira favela on thursday . he took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3-point range - and made all three . the six-time gold-medal sprinter will try to add three more in rio .
steve evans has revealed rotherham will find out whether they will be deducted points for fielding an ineligible player before the weekend . the millers were sanctioned by the football league last week as they played derby defender farrend rawson in their 1-0 win over brighton on easter monday . evans insists he does not know the strength of his club 's defence .
faithless ' dance anthem ` insomnia ' booms out seconds before games at fulham , and it 's rather apt for kit symons . fans will quite rightly point to the fact their side were out-played for large parts against rotherham , a club with a far inferior budget and experience at this level . fulham should retain their championship status from here .
newcastle united host swansea at st james ' park on saturday . the magpies have lost their last six premier league games under john carver . campaign organisers protesting over mike ashley 's ownership have said they will support anyone who wishes to boycott once again . fans are unhappy at the club 's lack of ambition , despite owner ashley having # 34million in the bank .
tiger woods found himself 470 yards from the hole with the ball nestled snugly into the pine straw that surrounds the beautifully groomed fairway . the 39-year-old claimed he popped a ligament in his right wrist back into place so he could go on to complete his first tournament of 2015 .
real madrid beat atletico madrid 1-0 in the champions league quarter-final . raphael varane captured the team 's entrance to the santiago bernabeu . supporters lit flares and banged on the windows to encourage their team against atletico . javier hernandez scored the winning goal for madrid in the 88th minute .
germany beat wolfsburg 4-1 in the europa league quarter final last night . rafael benitez has won 12 trophies with valencia , liverpool , inter milan , chelsea and napoli . manchester city , paris st germain and real madrid are all considering changes as are west ham and newcastle .
yaya toure wants to meet with manchester city to thrash out his future . the ivory coast international 's agent dimitri seluk has revealed that he wants to talk to city about the way forward . toure is challenged by west ham 's mark noble during 2-0 win at the etihad .
paris saint-germain were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by barcelona on tuesday . zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti returned to the ligue one side . laurent blanc said the club were ready for tougher competitions in europe two years ago .
joe launchbury is hopeful of making his comeback against leicester . the 24-year-old has been sidelined since october because of a nerve problem caused by a bulging disc in his neck . launchbury will be his debut at the club 's new home at the ricoh arena .
bafetimbi gomis came off in the early stages of last weekend 's 1-1 barclays premier league home draw with everton . the frenchman will miss league trips to leicester and newcastle . scans have revealed the full extent of the damage . the 29-year-old spent the first half of the campaign in wilfried bony 's shadow .
jack wilshere was on the bench against reading at wembley on saturday . the 23-year-old 's injury record is the one thing holding him back from reaching his undoubted potential . ray parlour believes diaby 's fitness record could turn him into another abou diaby .
arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68 million followers ahead of chelsea and manchester united -lrb- 4.87 m -rrb- . but one country was missing : china -- where the government outlaws twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media . manchester city also have over eight million weibo followers compared to 2.4 million on twitter .
jordan spieth broke several scoring records on the way to his four-stroke victory , including equalling the 18-under total set by tiger woods in 1997 . the augusta record-equalling champion watched bubba watson celebrate another masters title , and all the perks and celebrity that came with it .
alexis sanchez has enjoyed a fine debut season in english football . the chilean forward has been nominated for pfa player of the year . arsenal have also reached the fa cup final for the second consecutive season after triumphing over reading in the semis 2-1 last weekend .
barcelona and bayern munich are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent in berlin on june 6 . this season 's competition is one of the toughest to call in recent memory . luis suarez is hitting top gear just at the right time . bayern and barcelona are both better teams than juventus or real madrid .
juventus beat monaco 0-0 at the stade louis ii on wednesday night . massimiliano allegri 's team progressed to the champions league semi-final . patrice evra believes juventus called upon quintessential italian traits in securing their route to the semi-finals .
john peacock has named his squad for next month 's uefa european under-17 championship in bulgaria . the young lions are the defending champions , having beaten holland on penalties in the final last year , and progressed to this edition with a 100 per cent record in qualifying . they will open their campaign against italy in burgas on may 7 .
hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch at the 1989 disaster . they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster . police say the ` unusual ' appeal is necessary as those photographed may be able to answer questions of the victims ' families .
jordan henderson signed a new long-term contract with liverpool . the 24-year-old put pen to paper on a deal worth more than # 100,000 per week that will keep him at anfield until the summer of 2020 . liverpool are expected to confirm jordon ibe has signed a similar extension before the end of the season .
gareth bale has not started eight of real madrid 's 50 matches this season . the welshman has received some criticism from sections of the bernabeu support despite a bright start in madrid . bale suffered a buttock muscle injury while on international duty with wales .
marcus bettinelli has caught the eye of chelsea and jose mourinho . fulham are braced for the departure of second choice goalkeeper petr cech in the summer . bettkinelli is an england under-21 international after playing against the czech republic last month .
bayern munich host porto in the champions league on tuesday . pep guardiola 's side have a 12-point lead atop the bundesliga . bayern remain on course for three trophies and will meet borussia dortmund . click here for all the latest bayern united news .
thiago delivered bayern munich 's first goal during their 6-1 win over porto on tuesday night . the kind of passing display has been precisely what united have been missing . moyes was n't keen on the transfer - ` not his type ' said a club source .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 to reach the champions league semi-finals . robert lewandowski scored his side 's third goal against hoffenheim last saturday . the german juggernaught is steaming towards the final in berlin on june 6 .
david de gea has impressed for louis van gaal 's side this season . the spaniard has been linked with a move to real madrid . phil neville believes the club must concentrate on keeping him at old trafford . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
southampton are the club punching heaviest above their weight in the premier league in terms of performance compared with wages paid to players . chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the table but are only the third-highest wage payers with a wage bill of # 192.7 m . cheampton have the highest wage bill at # 215.8 m , based on last season 's figures .
radamel falcao has scored just four times for manchester united since his loan move from monaco . the striker has endured a frustrating season on loan at man united . ed woodward held talks with monaco on sunday over the striker 's future . woodward said they would make a decision on the right to sign him permanently .
rafael may have played his last game for manchester united after he cracked three ribs in an u21 game . the brazilian right-back is surplus to requirements at old trafford . united have handed trials to mk dons teenagers luke tingey and kyran wiltshire .
manchester united have put forward an opening # 21.5 million offer for dortmund captain mats hummels . the germans value their captain at # 35million but in united 's favour he has had a relatively poor season . jurgen klopp 's announcement that he will leave the club at the end of the season .
louis van gaal has identified borussia dortmund 's ilkay gundogan as a long-term successor to carrick . the dutchman knows the midfielder is in the twilight of his career . united will seek to sign carrick 's successor this summer as part of another huge spending frenzy .
adam federici will put his wembley blunder behind him when reading take on birmingham in the sky bet championship . the australian goalkeeper let alexis sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time as the royals were beaten 2-1 by arsenal in saturday 's fa cup semi-final . reading boss steve clarke is confident the 30-year-old will bounce back .
reading goalkeeper adam federici has taken to twitter to apologise for his crucial gaffe in saturday 's fa cup semi-final defeat to arsenal . the australian inexplicably let alexis sanchez shot slip through his grasp in the sixth minute of extra-time . the 30-year-old has received unwavering support from his manager and team-mates but issued an apology to reading 's fans .
arsenal beat england 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . alexis sanchez scored two goals in his first three matches for the gunners . the extra-time winner has emerged from a more subdued mid-season with three strikes in his last three matches .
david luiz was at fault for both goals as psg crashed out of the champions league quarter-finals . itv pundit roy keane offered his sympathy to the brazilian international . neymar set the tone for the game following some fine work from andres iniesta .
uefa has published champions league regulations for next season . top-seeded teams in eight groups will be the defending champions league winner plus title holders in the seven highest-ranked countries . arsenal , atletico madrid and porto will drop in status in august 27 draw . if real madrid do n't win la liga or the champions league they will be in pot 2 next season , if things stay as they are in europe .
bayern munich beat porto 7-4 on aggregate to reach champions league last four . thiago alcantara scored the only goal of the game in the first half . pep guardiola said he was aware of what he needed to deliver at the five-time european champions for who a league and german cup double was just not enough .
bayern munich beat porto 3-1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night . pep guardiola was left purring at the club 's first-half performance . the bayern boss reminded the watching world why he is considered by many to be the best manager in the business .
sol campbell has threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over # 2million comes into force . earlier this year it was revealed he had taken the apparently bizarre decision to sell a # 20million london townhouse to a company owned by himself . but it is possible the sale took place shortly before , meaning the increased charges would have been avoided .
luis enrique 's side beat psg 2-0 at the nou camp to reach the semi-finals . neymar is a blend of cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi . the real madrid and barcelona legends are lethal finishers . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
west ham are discussing a deal for jamaican starlet deshane beckford . the 17-year-old forward from montego bay united was invited to train with west ham 's academy earlier this month . beckford also has offers from clubs in belgium . click here for all the latest west ham united news .
west ham are set to move into the olympic stadium for the start of 2016-17 season , but the journey there has been a tortuous one . fresh questions were raised about the award of the 99-year lease to west ham on tuesday when it was suggested the deal may contravene european state aid law .
andres iniesta scored his first goal in barcelona 's 2-0 win over paris saint-germain . the spaniard had failed to register a single assist or goal from 19 la liga appearances this season . iniesta has been forced to play well at the end of the season .
kenny bayless has the honour of being the third man in the ring with floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao on may 2 . the appointment will be welcomed by both camps . bayless will celebrate his 65th birthday two days after supervising the fight of the century in the mgm grand garden arena .
kenny bayless has been named as the third man in the ring when floyd mayweather and manny pacuiao meet in the match being billed as the biggest and richest in boxing history . bayless will pocket $ 25,000 for the night 's work on may 2 while judges dave moretti , glenn feldman and burt clements will each receive $ 20,000 .
barry hawkins beat matthew selt 10-9 in the first round of the world snooker championship in sheffield . the 2013 finalist looked set to ease through to the last 16 after resuming on monday with a 7-2 overnight lead . selt responded by reeling off five frames in a row - including back-to-back centuries - before a cool clearance from hawkins saw him into the second round .
john higgins and graeme dott led the scottish charge on sunday . the four-time winner impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over robert milkins . the 39-year-old fired breaks of 77 , 75 , 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session .
the winner 's share of the $ 10million pot worked out at # 1.23 m in our currency . anyone who made the cut was guaranteed # 17,000 . ian poulter was dressed all in purple on sunday for his final round . augusta national have had people positioned on four holes this week .
andy murray tied the knot with kim sears on saturday at dunblane cathedral . the couple are covered in confetti as they make their way out of the wedding ceremony . murray arrived just before 4.00 pm looking resplendent in a white , to-the-knee overcoat .
manchester city , chelsea , arsenal , liverpool and manchester united will watch on with jealousy at a number of their former team-mates . there are 23 current and former premier league players still involved in europe 's top competition . xabi alonso will be lining up for bayern munich looking for his third champions league triumph .
txiki begiristain was on the 10.30 am lufthansa flight out of manchester for munich on tuesday morning . the manchester city director of football would have expected to be on the move . city are keen for bayern munich manager pep guardiola to become their new manager in 2016 .
xabi alonso will become only the second player to win european football 's top trophy with three clubs having held it during his time at liverpool and real madrid . the only other player to have done so is clarence seedorf , who lifted the famous piece of silverware for ajax , real and milan . the spanish maestro recently admitted to thinking about .
west ham lost 2-0 to manchester city at the etihad on sunday . referee anthony taylor took no action as the ball ran out of play . sam allardyce was incensed that eliaquim mangala was not penalised for a foul against stewart downing .
west ham were beaten 2-0 by manchester city at the etihad on sunday . carl jenkinson insists the remaining five games are not meaningless . the hammers would now seem to have little to play for but jesus navas is not realistic and relegation not an issue .
glenn roeder and adam pearson are joining head coach stuart gray in a three-man task force charged with returning the owls to the premier league . the off-field team has been put in place by dejphon chansiri , the thai tycoon who recently bought the club from milan mandaric .
tim sherwood has had an inspired start in charge of aston villa . villa fans have fallen in love after only nine weeks . benteke has flourished under sherwood and has scored nine in his last seven for villa in the fa cup . click here for all the latest villa news .
martina hingis beat agnieszka radwanska 6-4 , 6-0 in the fed cup . the 34-year-old brought back memories of her heyday in a thrilling 48-minute first set before capitulating in the first set . the former world no 1 was persuaded to play because of injuries in the team .
bayern munich have joined manchester united and liverpool in the race to sign memphis depay . the psv eindhoven star has played a starring role in psv 's eredivisie title success this season . liverpool hope to convince 21-year-old depay that he would get more regular football with them .
chelsea host manchester united in the fa cup semi-final on saturday . the game attracted a peak audience of 6.9 million , over treble the 2m rating for the pl game on sky . both organisations blame each other for their respective rights holders , sky and the bbc .
manchester united lost 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal had 11 disappointed faces looking up at him in the dressing room , with the sunken eyes of united 's players pleading with him to explain how they had come to be beaten . they dominated possession , completing nearly three times as many successful passes than the champions-elect .
eden hazard has been named ` one of the three best players in the world ' by jose mourinho . hazard scored chelsea 's 38th minute winner against manchester united . the belgium international is widely expected to be named pfa player of the year on sunday .
liverpool have been given the go-ahead to install a 4.5 metre fine mesh screen at their melwood base . the club had grown concerns over confidentiality of their team details being leaked prior to matches . the news will please manager brendan rodgers who can now prepare his side with extra care .
juventus are monitoring raheem sterling as the serie a side look to strengthen . manchester city , chelsea , real madrid , paris st germain and bayern munich are all among sterling 's admirers . juventus want at least # 55m for midfielder paul pogba .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . steven gerrard was denied the opportunity of ending his liverpool career in this season 's fa cup final . the reds have won just one of their last two fa cup matches .
liverpool face a major rebuilding job this summer following a mass exit from anfield . manager brendan rodgers could see up to 10 of his stars leave . steven gerrard has already agreed to join la galaxy , while glen johnson is out of contract and set to go on a free transfer .
amir khan has been so close to fighting mayweather that he could smell the resin and hear the roar of the crowd . now the image of pacquiao dances before him and there is reason to believe that a tale which might have been told by scheherazade could become reality one starlit arabian night .
michael conlan has booked his olympic place after results went his way in venezuela on saturday night . barnes delivered in style , extending his undefeated wsb record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight yoel finol . the 23-year-old dropped his opponent in the first round to claiming a 49-45 victory on two of the judges ' cards .
manny pacquiao will wear multi-million pound shorts when he takes the ring at the mgm grand garden arena with floyd mayweather on may 2 . the pacman 's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $ 2.25 m -lrb- # 1.5 m -rrb- in sponsorship . the fight is raking in the big bucks with the money streams certainly not limited to tv rights and ticket sales .
frank lampard 's role at manchester city was always planned as being just a bit part player . the 36-year-old was always going to do well against the hammers . manuel pellegrini should have given lampard more game time . phil jagielka is five games away from going a complete season without getting a single booking on club duty .
liverpool beat aston villa 1-1 at wembley in the fa cup semi-final . philippe coutinho scored a smart chipped finish for the reds . brendan rodgers ' way last season masterminded an unexpected challenge . he has not made a mark on the games that matter that matter .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final on sunday . christian benteke and fabian delph scored to cancel out philippe coutinho 's opener as villa booked a final showdown with arsenal on may 30 . tom cleverley reckons boss sherwood 's gameplans are allowing villa to express themselves and clinch results .
david moyes has revealed chelsea were close to signing wayne rooney during his ill-fated tenure as manchester united manager . rooney succeeded sir alex ferguson in the summer of 2013 . the pair had a well-publicised falling out following rooney 's departure from goodison park in 2004 .
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . louis van gaal labelled his side 's performance as their best display of the season . the dutchman said his side could have scored two or three goals . rooney said : ' i thought it was excellent , we dominated from start to finish ' .
jose mourinho and rui faria were up and down with unusual intensity , even for them when they lost the ball . hazard 's low shot squirms past de gea as defenders chris smalling and paddy mcnair watch on helplesslylyly . chelsea will be crowned champions of the season at stamford bridge .
eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season . the chelsea forward has been eking out wins when the team has n't been at its best . he did it last week at queens park rangers , winning the ball from the goalkeeper 's kick and driving into the box to set up cesc fabregas .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge . john terry believes there is still work to be done if they are to clinch the premier league title . jose mourinho 's side moved 10 points clear at the top of the table . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . ander herrera went over under the challenge of gary cahill . referee mike dean adjudged the spaniard to have dived . mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against cheslea .
chelsea beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . john terry led the celebrations on the field at full-time . but jose mourinho says he will not allow his players to believe they have crossed the finish line until the maths say so . chelsea need just two more wins to clinch the championship .
marouane fellaini has been terrorising opposition defences of late . but goalkeeper thibaut courtois has revealed chelsea have a plan to deal with him . the 27-year-old has emerged as one of the premier league 's most effective performers recently . united travel to stamford bridge on saturday afternoon .
chris maguire converts an injury time penalty so salvage a draw for sheffield wednesday at dean court . the owls held bournemouth to a draw on their home turf . the battle for automatic promotion to the premier league is hotting up with three points covering four teams and with two games to play .
steve clarke has fought hard across the capital with arsenal over the years but through the first-half at wembley . the reading boss has been away from the cut-and-thrust of football 's elite since he was sacked by west brom . wojciech szczesny was unable to keep out a deflected volley from garath mccleary .
steven gerrard grew up in liverpool 's 0-0 draw with clitheroe town . it has been a frustrating night for the club scholes co-owns with former manchester united team-mates ryan giggs , gary neville , phil neville and nicky butt . the ball breaks for substitute gareth seddon about 10 yards out with only the goalkeeper to beat .
radamel falcao has failed to score since january 31 against leicester . the colombian has collected # 3,080,000 in wages this summer . he has not always featured for the red devils but is yet to score . the striker 's # 280,000-a-week wages are a massive burden for united .
louis van gaal gave andres iniesta his barcelona debut during the 2002-03 season . the spaniard also admitted he took great joy in defeating chelsea and manchester united during barca 's run to champions league success in 2009 . iniesta was barca manager when iniesta made his debut for the club .
manchester united to introduce living wage at old trafford in july . in-house staff paid # 7.85 an hour -lrb- or # 9.15 an hour should they be based in london , from the 2016-17 season . united officials have decided to implement the salary a year early .
wayne rooney knows manchester united will be playing for ` pride ' . the 29-year-old is the leading united scorer in derby history . rooney is the most famous of which came in 2011 when he scored an acrobatic late winner in a 2-1 victory against aston villa .
rotor volgograd is one of russia 's leading clubs in the 1990s . he beat manchester united in the uefa cup 20 years ago . the english side crashed out of europe despite paul scholes and peter schmeichel 's goals at old trafford .
everton defeated burnley 1-0 in their premier league clash at goodison park . ashley barnes opened the scoring on his return to the first team . kevin mirallas escaped unpunished and matic was sent off for retaliation . everton midfielder ross barkley walks away with his head held low .
everton beat burnley 1-0 at goodison park in the premier league . roberto martinez was forced to defend another penalty fiasco . the everton manager insisted barkley was within his rights to request penalty-taking duties on saturday . barkley 's effort is saved by burnley goalkeeper tom heaton .
steven naismith is the latest recipient of the barclays spirit of the game award for his selfless charity work . the 28-year-old has worked with the likes of job centre plus , dyslexia scotland and the whitechapel centre in liverpool to help give back to the communities that have supported him throughout his football career .
roberto martinez says burnley 's player remind him of his wigan side when they avoided the drop . the spaniard masterminded wigan 's escape from relegation which seemed an almost impossible task . martinez was criticised for not changing his approach during everton 's difficult run a couple of months ago .
manny pacquiao has promoted a range of t-shirts commemorating his bout with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . the shirts are named ` fight gear ' on the website selling the merchandise , which is black and has ` the fight of the century ' . fans can also choose to buy a shirt in the colours black or white . click here for more boxing news .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao fight for the most anticipated fight in recent times . the two camps and the mgm grand locked in a stand-off over allotments . when they are finally put on sale , only a few will be sold at the listed price . mgm officials have been tight-lipped about their availability .
jamie redknapp and thierry henry face off in anticipation of floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao . the arsenal legend is the more animated of the two as he says , ` you 're scared , ' but henry remains cool . sky sports boxing are asking people to film their own head to heads .
aston villa striker christian benteke has two years left on his contract . the 24-year-old could be sold in the summer if he wants to go . tim sherwood said there would likely be talks over the striker 's # 50,000-a-week contract during the summer .
martin skrtel says steven gerrard is still one of the best players in the world . liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . reds boss believes gerrel can overcome the difficult challenge of replacing him . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
brendan rodgers believes an fa cup semi-final victory over aston villa would help his players develop a stronger winning mentality . the northern irishman believes that while trophy success is imperative for any liverpool team , success this season could pave the way for many more trips to wembley in the future .
mark hughes believes tom jones ' song ` delilah ' is costing them a spot in the europe league via the fair play league . stoke are 17th in the premier league fair play table and are set to miss out on european football next year . the hit has become stoke 's unofficial club anthem and is a regular chant at the britannia stadium .
zlatan ibrahimovic has had his four-game ban reduced by one match . paris saint-germain striker will now miss three games and marseille playmaker payet just one after both clubs succeeded with appeals to the french olympic committee -lrb- cnosf -rrb- .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in their champions league clash . luis enrique has urged his players to shut the champions league out of their minds and concentrate on extending their lead at the top of the la liga table . real madrid boss carlo ancelotti has stressed the importance of forgetting wednesday night 's first leg win in paris .
barcelona beat psg 3-1 in the champions league quarter final . luis suarez scored his second goal of the night to put barca in control . the forward says he nutmegged david luiz twice because it was his quickest way to goal . suarez says the tie is not over despite the two goal lead .
laura robson used an ice bath as a means of cooling down in the florida heat as she nears a return to action . the 21-year-old has not played since the 2014 australian open more than 15 months ago after requiring surgery on an injured wrist . the former british no 1 has been training in tampa in a bid to build up her fitness in time to take part in next month 's french open .
uefa 's general secretary gianni infantino has warned that there will be no choice but to suspend greece from international football unless the country 's government rescinds proposed new laws . panathinakos ' game against olympiakos in february was marred by crowd trouble in athens .
gareth bale is out of real madrid 's champions league quarter-final second leg against atletico on wednesday night . the 25-year-old injured his calf during saturday 's 3-1 win against malaga . real boss carlo ancelotti will also be without first-team regulars karim benzema and luka modric for the tie .
stephan lichtsteiner was part of the juventus team that won 1-0 in turin last year . the defender has tipped kingsley coman to be the next big thing . the 18-year-old has played with hazard at lille and currently stars alongside pogba at juventus .
leonardo jardim believes monaco 's march to the champions league quarter-finals is proof that clubs do not have to splash the cash in order to achieve european success . the russian billionaire has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons and has been forced to nurture young talent . les rouges et blancs third in ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the first time in 11 years .
chelsea , arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the champions league last 16 stage . diego simeone thinks this season 's failure should spark a response from the premier league 's top clubs . atletico madrid boss believes spain is still home to the two best teams in europe .
robin van persie and jonny evans enjoyed gentle re-introductions into the game as manchester united 's under 21 side drew 1-1 at leicester . rafael and adnan januzaj both limped off in the 32nd minute . harry panayiotou put his side in the lead after 18 minutes after getting on the end of a cross by anthony knockaert .
nathaniel clyne is stalling over a new contract at st mary 's . the england right-back enters the final year of his current deal at the end of the season . manchester united , chelsea and liverpool are all interested in the 24-year-old .
everton have joined newcastle , crystal palace and southampton . the toffees have made a new striker their priority for the summer . charlie austin has 17 goals so far this season and will leave loftus road . oulare has represented belgium at under 18 and 19 level .
brentford are considering appointing gianfranco zola as their new manager . the italian was at griffin park on saturday for the draw against bolton . mark warburton is to leave the club next month after feeling his vision did not match that of brentford .
sam allardyce believes rob green is good enough to challenge england no 1 joe hart for a place in the national team . green has won 12 england caps but made a calamitous error in the world cup against usa in 2010 . the 35-year-old has swapped east for west london after a 2-1 play-off final victory over blackpool .
manchester united and liverpool target # 25million memphis depay . the dialogue between psg and depay represents a threat to the premier league clubs with good form for club and country . united have yet to hold detailed talks with the player but have informed psv of their wish to do so .
thierry henry sent home fans into raptures when he swept in a pass from cristiano ronaldo with just two minutes left to play . hernandez opted to run to the corner and celebrate on his own following his late goal against atletico madrid . the real madrid striker owes all the credit to his team-mate .
javier hernandez scored the winning goal for real madrid on wednesday night . former arsenal striker henry posted an 84-minute compilation video of michael laudrup 's passing . henry said : ` football is a team game . yes ch14 _ scored the all important goal ' .
barcelona face paris saint-germain in the champions league on tuesday . luis suarez admits he was nervous at playing alongside lionel messi and neymar when he joined the club . the uruguayan has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona since joining the club this season .
amir khan will fight chris algieri in new york on may 29 . the bolton-born fighter has slammed kell brook for his recent comments . brook defends his world welterweight title against frankie gavin . click here for all the latest boxing news .
manny pacquiao works up a sweat shadow boxing during preparations for his clash with floyd mayweather . the hitman also considers that having freddie roach in his corner gives the pacman a massive advantage over the money man . hatton expects mayweather will ` find a way to win ' .
kell brook will fight frankie gavin on may 30 at the o2 in london . the welterweight bout has been added to a card that includes world title challenges for kevin mitchell and lee selby . anthony joshua faces his toughest test to date against kevin johnson .
manny pacquiao claims his trainer freddie roach is ready to beat floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 . the pair came close to agreeing a big-money bout five years ago . roach believes the 2015 model is the more formidable fighter for a few reasons .
the marketing team for both mayweather and pacquiao put together the 30-second clip to advertise the pay-per-view event . it shows both fighters walking towards each other and squaring up in the middle of a desert road in the advert . the commentary says as anticipation builds ahead of the $ 300million -lrb- # 200m -rrb- bout .
floyd mayweather is widely considered to be the current pound-for-pound no 1 . but he believes there has never been a better boxer in the history of the sport . mayweather also criticised the ` rope-a-dope ' tactics adopted by ali against george foreman in their rumble in the jungle .
the plug was pulled on manny pacquiao 's last conference call as the fight of the century continued its bitter way towards a half-billion dollar fortune . bob arum , the pacman 's veteran promoter , ordered an end to the discussion when he realised that many more than the promised tight-knit group were jamming the lines .
amir khan took a break from using the speed ball before finishing off a bottle of milkshake . the bolton-born boxer then flipped the empty bottle up . the 28-year-old is currently training for his upcoming fight against chris algieri on may 29 at the barclays center in new york .
blackpool chairman karl oyston has decided to contest his fa charge for allegedly abusive text messages . the unpopular chief initially had until march 30 to reply , but was granted an extension . his appeal is expected to be heard by a separate fa panel next month and oyston still faces a ban from football activities .
ronny deila has called for caley thistle 's josh meekings to be spared a scottish cup final ban despite his controversial handball . the celtic boss admitted the 2-1 premiership victory at dundee had helped him bounce back from what he described as the toughest day of his career at hampden on sunday . the norwegian said it would serve no purpose for the defender to be given a retrospective suspension by the sfa .
iband international maciej rybus is being followed by hull , leicester and swansea city . the 25-year-old impressed during poland 's 1-1 draw with republic of ireland last month . he has one year left on his current deal and has a get-out clause for # 3.2 million .
manchester city will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer . four of their starting line-up against chelsea were born in manchester . manuel pellegrini looked on with interest at city 's academy stadium . the premier league champions are also interested in signing danny ings and jay rodriguez .
mauricio pochettino insists he will not flood tottenham 's first team squad with players from the academy next season . harry kane , nabil bentaleb and ryan mason have taken giant strides in the senior set-up this season . spurs goalkeeper hugo lloris has previously spoken of his desire to play in the champions league .
cheltenham were beaten by northampton in their last game . manager gary johnson has revealed one of the techniques he is using to try and bring the best out of his players . cheltenham occupy 23rd in league two and trail 22nd placed hartlepool united and the safety places by a point .
the tranmere players look down after the final whistle . the fear involves dropping out of the football league a week on saturday . adams departs with two games to go and after a 3-0 defeat against a thoroughly professional oxford side the wirral 's only professional sports outfit .
micky adams has left tranmere by mutual consent with just two games of the season to play . rovers suffered a fourth consecutive defeat by oxford on saturday . adams joined the club in october , with rovers sitting bottom of the table after 12 games without even scoring .
jimmy floyd hasselbaink 's side are up as , despite fourth-placed bury still being able to catch them . damien mccrory saw his 28th-minute penalty kept out by andreas arestidou but just two minutes later akins slotted through the goalkeeper 's legs . shrewsbury are a win away from a return to league one after beating york 1-0 .
steven gerrard and frank lampard will be honoured by the pfa on sunday . the pair have been stalwarts of the english game for the past decade and a half . both players have now retired from international football . click here for all the latest liverpool news , our live updates .
napoli boss rafael benitez has dismissed reports linking him to the manchester city job . the spaniard is out of contract at the end of the season . napoli are fourth in the league this term and are firmly on course to reach the semi-finals of the europa league .
rafael benitez has been linked with napoli 's managerial job . sampdoria face napoli in the serie a fixture on sunday . the spaniard has guided the genoa-based club from relegation candidates to european contenders in 18 months . click here for all the latest napoli news .
javier hernandez struck in the 88th minute to send real madrid into the champions league semi-final . sky pundit thierry henry has criticised hernez for not immediately running to cristiano ronaldo who played the ball to him for the goal . marca say the mexican striker scored ` the goal of his life ' while as praises ` chicharito ' for winning the tie .
sam allardyce has claimed no club has made an offer for aaron cresswell . the 25-year-old has been a consistent performer for chelsea and manchester city since signing from ipswich for # 2million last summer . allarydce claims that club have not been approached with an offer .
elliot kear will return to rugby league 's championship with london broncos . the 26-year-old winger or full-back has spent most of the year playing rugby union for london welsh . kear moved to premiership rugby from bradford and returns for the broncos under andrew henderson .
james lockwood has been banned for two years after failing a doping test . the 29-year-old was handed the suspension by uk anti-doping -lrb- ukad -rrb- after a sample taken in an out-of-competition test last november returned a positive test for growth hormone releasing factors .
bradford have launched an investigation into reports cars were vandalised during sunday 's ladbrokes challenge cup fifth-round defeat by hull kr . three cars were broken into and damaged within the richard dunn sports centre car park , situated opposite the provident stadium , odsal , and the bulls are appealing for witnesses .
bernard laporte 's stellar side did n't come to life until this dismal encounter went into extra-time . the holders of the last heineken cup face a mammoth task if they are to stop clermont auvergne from claiming the inaugural champions cup . leinster full back rob kearney beats toulon flanker juan fernandez lobbe to a high ball in the first-half .
salford are without rangi chase , weller hauraki , cory paterson and darrell griffin through suspension , while scrum-half michael dobson -lrb- knee -rrb- , centre junior sa'u and winger ben jones-bishop were all injured . salford recently signed veteran hooker wayne godwin on loan from dewsbury and this week borrowed oliver gildart and james greenwood from wigan .
john helm was commentating on bradford city 's game against lincoln city when the fire broke out and still struggles to listen to his description of that fatal day . he gives his insight into what caused the blaze . martin lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind .
bradford city celebrated promotion from the old english third division . just 21 years of age , mccall returned to his car , only to find the door handle was burning hot because it had been parked so near to the blaze . the 30th anniversary is approaching since the tragic fire that killed 56 people at bradford 's ground in 1985 .
blaze at bradford 's valley parade stadium claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 . sir oliver popplewell says police should look at eight other fires allegedly connected to the then club chairman to ` see if there was anything sinister ' . he stands by the original ruling saying there was no evidence of arson .
former sports minister gerry sutcliffe says new allegations surrounding the bradford city fire in 1985 was just one of at least nine fires at businesses owned by or associated with the club 's then chairman stafford heginbotham . the fire at valley parade claimed 56 victims and injured 265 on may 11 , 1985 .
negotiations to make a fight between paul smith and andre ward are set to be concluded this week . elements of the deal are still being rubber-stamped and ward 's wba world title is unlikely to be on the line . the fight will be staged in oakland , california , on june 20 .
former middleweight world champion julio cesar chavez jr was stopped in nine rounds by andrzej fonfara . the 37-year-old super-middleweight has not fought since knocking out george groves at wembley last may . chavez was knocked down in the ninth and although he managed to survive until the end of the round .
manchester city are four points clear and have a superior goal difference . yaya toure has been a shadow of the player who fired manchester city to last season 's title . swansea city and southampton have little to play for -- yet neither did crystal palace . stevan jovetic is no great upgrade on gareth barry or nigel de jong .
manchester city players have backed patrick vieira to replace manuel pellegrini as manager of the club . the former arsenal midfielder is highly-respected among the city players and his work with the youth team has n't gone unnoticed too . city 's first-choice managerial option remains bayern munich boss pep guardiola .
john lahiff has spoken out from his hospital bed at cairns base hospital , swearing he will return to the green again after the nasty run-in with the crocodile . the man in his 70s believes he accidentally stood on a sunbaking crocodile on the 11th hole at the palmer sea reef golf course . he received puncture wounds on his leg and foot , including one down to the bone .
researchers at the university of new south wales in australia found women read magazines ` infrequently ' but checked facebook every few hours . women aged 17 to 25 were found to judge themselves alongside pictures of friends rather than celebrities in magazines . the women preferred facebook as a means of judging themselves .
nicholas tooth , 25 , was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north nsw on saturday . he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent 's shoulder during a tackle . he was treated at the ground before being airlifted to newcastle 's john hunter hospital in a critical condition but died late on sunday .
alexander giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the kemerovo region of russia . the eerie phenomenon is called an ` earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide . in the video , snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road , which is thought to run between novokuznetsk and bolshaya talda .
julie stauch and married couple sean bagniewski and vidhya reddy all appear in on the video announcing clinton 's 2016 bid . they are part of a diverse group of people - from young mothers and people preparing for retirement , to spanish-speaking brothers preparing to start a business and an asian-american college graduate looking for her first job . but far from being ` everyday americans ' , as the two minute video claims , stauch
icelandic duo búi bjarmar aðalsteinsson and stefán atli thoroddsen through their company crowbar protein . the bar is 50 grams -lrb- 1.7 ounces -rrb- , 200 calories , contains 8 grams of high quality protein and has a shelf life of 1 year .
a video has emerged showing galaxy s6 edge bending and shattering under 110lbs -lrb- 50kg -rrb- of pressure . the company has now responded with its own video , demonstrating a three-point bend test on both its galaxy models . the comments and video were posted in response to findings from third-party warranty firm squaretrade .
dr sandra lee is dermatologist at the skin physicians & surgeons practice in upland , california , and a regular guest on the doctors talk show . online she is known as dr pimple popper , a moniker she used when she started posting clips of her patients ' extractions on her youtube channel .
an unidentified woman strong-armed a man of his flexing title at a philadelphia soul game earlier this month . during a ` flex cam ' break on april 12 a woman proved that she had the biggest muscles in the room and maybe even the city . video of the unidentified woman 's robust display has over 300,000 views on youtube .
karen huff klein , 71 , tried to ignore the boys calling her fat , ugly and poor but was seen wiping away her tears . one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch at greece athena high school .
the indonesian president has confirmed it will only be a matter of time before convicted drug smugglers andrew chan and myuran sukumaran face the firing squad . the pair lost their most recent appeal for clemency however three of the other death row prisoners are still awaiting the results of their appeals .
the 40-second-video was recorded by haim kaplan at the ngorongoro conservation area in tanzania . it shows the driver of a supply truck standing next to his vehicle as a group of baboons approach . the driver makes an attempt to scare the baboons away but is forced to retreat as one makes a lunge at him .
the craze involves having your pet pooch shaped into a sphere or a square . in a method reminiscent of edward scissorhands 's trimming of a hedge . canine hairdressers in the taiwanese capital taipei are giving particularly furry customers outlandish makeovers .
jack wilshere and alexis sanchez were left starstruck on thursday evening . the arsenal midfielder was given the ` honour to interview the legendary pele ' during the launch of 10ten talent . pele has acknowledged that last year 's world cup was a ` disaster ' for brazil .
adam prowse , 34 , of torquay , was captured on camera dancing to michael jackson 's ` do n't stop 'til you get enough to pharrel williams ' happy . the royal mail worker has been dubbed ` the happiest postman in the world ' .
video maker scott kaiser filmed the back of the large pelican sitting on a post overlooking the water . the bird then closes its mouth while looking up at the sky and the air sacs in its throat begin deflating once again . the video concludes with the bird returning to its original position and continuing to look over the water as if nothing ever happened .
the ancient tuscan settlement , based 40 miles south east of genoa , is shrouded in mystery with its origin . a number of historical earthquakes , including one in 1887 that measured 6.7 on the richter scale , caused severe damage to the town 's infrastructure . today the town is considered to be the most famous abandoned location in italy and folklore suggests the area is haunted .
barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the new york director . the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school , la llotja , following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building . the 17th-century building , in spain 's second largest city , aims to commemorate the work of the celebrated director and writer .
the murodo-daira area of tateyama unsurprisingly experiences one of the heaviest snowfalls in the world . the impressive route opened in 1971 and usually draws about a million visitors every year . the whole 37km route will be open until november but tourists can walk the walled wonder until it starts to melt in summer .
scientists from the university of alberta in canada claim to have settled the debate once and for all . their study finds that the cracking is caused by the rapid formation of a gas-filled cavity within a slippery substance called synovial fluid that lubricates the space between the finger bones .
patrick miller and his friend , damien , stayed at the family-run hotel last week when they travelled to the mediterranean island for a friend 's wedding . the three-and-a-half minute video offers a glimpse into every traveller 's nightmare -- dirty rooms , antiquated or broken amenities .
the welsh fort , which defended britain from french invasion , will be joined to the mainland thanks to a 328ft footbridge across the sea . this connector will open up the island from the coast of tenby , pembrokeshire , for the first time . planners are due to approve a new footbridge , which will stretch more than 328 ft -lrb- 100 metres -rrb- .
the incredible footage was shot at domodedovo airport in russia . it shows a man lying in the foetal position seemingly away with the fairies . while the rubber may well be more comfortable than the airport floor , the swinging motion of the conveyor make it a less-than comfortable snooze .
the cafe based in moscow invites cat lovers to bring their pets along with them when they go for a cup of tea . all of the cats that live at the cafe were rescued from a local shelter and have each been vaccinated and chipped . customers are allowed to adopt the cats but only if they meet certain requirements after an extensive interview .
dog named teeny is captured on video sat opposite eric ko -- a trainer with over ten years ' experience -- of the dogaroo centre in hong kong . the pair hold onto push-up bars with their front paws and hands respectively and wait for the trainer 's command before getting into position . on ` two ' the pair return to their original position before eric says ` three ' and ` four ' and the dog reaches out to high-five him with both paws .
former england rugby captain lewis moody tweeted before the plane took off from svalbard to ice camp barneo . the team will battle extreme temperatures of between -25 c and -50 c as well as dragging 60kg sledges . moody is part of a team of nine sportsmen and royal marines attempting a ten-day expedition to the highest point on earth .
the lion can be seen inserting its head into the barrel and attempting to retrieve a piece of meat . zoo keepers place food in barrels to stimulate the lions , as it replicates the challenges faced when the animals feed in the wild . the animal , hoping to beat two other lions to the food , reaches in too far and suddenly gets its head stuck .
the profanity-laced comedy sketch by 26 minutes follows ` jeff randl ' , who travels to switzerland to compete in xtreme verbier . with more than 300,000 views on youtube since late march , some viewers said they were offended or did n't find the humour in the show 's over-the-top depiction of americans .
steven sloan , joined by friends michael niccum and eugene dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of anderson island , washington . the group believe that the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the orcas .
inspirational speaker turia pitt suffered burns to 65 per cent of her body when she was caught in a bushfire . the 27-year-old said just the smell from a barbecue brought back the traumatic moment she was trapped for four hours . she said she still feels haunted when she talks about being caught in the bushfire when she competed in an ultra-marathon .
michael carrick played in the 2-0 defeat by croatia which went a long way to england missing out on euro 2008 . carrick has made nine competitive starts for england , and the majority have been ordinary at best . england have won just four competitive games when carrick started .
sky sports ' drastic cost-cutting across the board after paying # 11m a match to retain premier league rights is being blamed for the demise of the victory shield . the fa announced this week that england are pulling out of the event with immediate effect in order to achieve a more varied fixture list .
ecb chairman colin graves has released very few details of the new director of cricket role for england . the confidential details were sent by email to potential candidates for the post , front-runners for which are former england captains andrew strauss , michael vaughan and alec stewart . the work parameters will not appear on the ecb website or that of headhunters sports recruitment international , as would be the normal procedure .
guinness offered the top flight a huge deal of # 135m over three years . the clubs awash with over # 5billion from domestic tv rights . the pl want as much as # 60m a year from a mega title backer . sky sports ' petty refusal to let pundit thierry henry present tony mccoy with the champion jump jockey trophy at his sandown farewell on saturday .
steve peters will play a key role in keeping troubled england batsman jonathan trott focused in the caribbean . trott has made a nightmare return to the test side 18 months since situational anxieties saw him quit the ashes tour . the england team under peter moores have a more relaxed attitude towards the players ' use of social media than previous regimes .
the ecb are to spread the net far wider than expected in their search for the director of cricket . tom harrison and chairman colin graves would waste little time in appointing from a short list of former england captains michael vaughan , andrew strauss and alec stewart .
ukip will be counting on england batting coach graham thorpe voting for them in the general election . thorpe revealed during the england lions tour of south africa that he had signed a form supporting the right-wing party a year ago . the former surrey left-hander now wants to find out more about their policies .
west indies cricket legend sir curtly ambrose defended allen stanford . ambrose was one of the west indies stars , along with sir viv richardson . he flew by helicopter to the lord 's nursery ground in 2008 to launch his five-year deal with england .
departing england cricket board chairman giles clarke chose one of the most prestigious cricket occasions of the year . clarke arrived upset that the new ecb regime had just sacked his england managing director appointment , paul downton , whom he had rashly called a ` man of great judgment ' .
marina granovskaia is a chelsea director and arguably the most powerful woman in english football as the club 's transfer and contract negotiator . she is also abramovich 's day-to-day link with his football team . the club are known to be keen for a fresh voice to be heard from their hierarchy following the departure of ceo ron gourlay .
alex oxlade-chamberlain is acting as his representative since alex split from impact sports management . raheem sterling 's adviser aidy ward is also involved . kieran gibbs also has a soon-to-be family adviser in his mother donna 's fiance andy harris .
rival clubs claim qpr are making an outrageous attempt to get their man on the inside of the discussions . jim rodwell 's departure from notts county to become chief executive of scunthorpe has created the need for an election for a league one representative . league one clubs have been informed that there are two nominations for the vacant seat .
sky sports will pay # 11millon a game to broadcast premier league football for three years starting in 2016 . graeme souness , thierry henry and ed chamberlain on sky 's super sunday coverage of the premier league . sky claim the strategy talk - rather than plain cost cutting - was preparing the station for the varied demands of a multi-platform future .
jose mourinho has issued a gentle warning to chelsea 's next generation of exciting starlets that he can not absorb them all into his first-team squad . the under 19s will attempt to defend the youth cup against manchester city , another club working hard with some signs of success in this area .
arsenal beat liverpool 2-0 in the fa cup fourth round on saturday . arsene wenger 's side now have 15 wins from 17 games since new year 's day . the gunners are 13 points behind leaders chelsea in the premier league . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
louis van gaal has identified michael carrick and wayne rooney as two of his most bright players . united now have a eight-point cushion over liverpool and are in good shape to make the champions league . rooney showed plenty of intelligence to turn and volley home united 's second goal on saturday .
raheem sterling is earning less than mario balotelli . liverpool have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since luis suarez departed . if they think they can afford to lose suarez , gerrard and sterling in the space of 12 months they are very much mistaken .
carrick was the ` best player on the pitch by a mile ' , says captain wayne rooney . england managers kept beating themselves up trying to solve the lampard/gerrard conundrum in midfield . carrick has a 100 per cent record with england at the world cup .
frank lampard 's infamous ` ghost ' goal against germany finally brought matters to a head . the 2000 africa cup of nations final between nigeria and cameroon had already been scarred by a similar howler . fifa relented two years later with the system fully operational last year in brazil .
celtic face aberdeen in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . ronny deila 's men looked like a tired team by time-up at hampden . emilo izaguirre has called on his team-mates to focus their attention .
celtic were left outraged by referee steven mclean 's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box by josh meekings . caley thistle went on to win the game 3-2 after extra-time and denied rory delia 's men the chance to secure a domestic treble this season .
inverness defender gary warren has called for a change to the ` ridiculous ' rule that will see him banned from a second final in successive seasons . warren picked up his second booking of the competition in sunday 's scottish cup semi-final win over celtic .
peter moores has been forced to defend his captain with alastair cook badly needing runs and wins in the last two tests of the series . england 's failure to win the first test leaves the captain in the spotlight . moores is adamant he will turn things round in grenada , starting on tuesday .
captain alastair cook says england will leave antigua with ' a bit of a downer on ' after failing to force victory in the first test against the west indies . the tourists , chasing a first away win since beating india in december 2012 , were halted by a stubbornly unresponsive pitch at the sir vivian richards stadium . in the end they could only muster five of the eight wickets they needed on day five as holder 's unbeaten 103 steered
jason holder repelled everything that anderson and co could hurl at him to make his maiden test century at no 8 . anderson had finally taken his 384th wicket in test cricket when west indies captain denesh ramdin edged him to his great friend alastair cook at slip .
jack grealish made his liverpool debut against queens park rangers . the 19-year-old academy graduate scored a part in christian benteke 's goal as aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley . sherwood described the youngster as ` very durable ' .
aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 in the fa cup final at the expense of liverpool keeper simon mignolet . fabian delph set up christian benteke 's equaliser after philippe coutinho opened the scoring for the reds . the former leeds midfielder says it will be a dream come true .
raheem sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe with team-mate jordon ibe earlier this season . the england international will lead liverpool 's line at wembley on sunday in the absence of daniel sturridge . rodgers has steven gerrard available for the fa cup semi-final with aston villa .
liverpool were knocked out of the fa cup semi-final by aston villa . mario balotelli had the ball in the net only to see the linesman unfairly flag for offside . brendan rodgers believes a ` very poor decision ' by michael oliver 's assistant referee was one of the reason 's reason ' .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 at the parc des princes . goals from neymar and a double from luis suarez made sure the la liga leaders travel back to spain delighted with the result . psg need their skipper back if they are to turn this around in the camp nou .
juan mata was substituted by chelsea boss jose mourinho last year . the spaniard has performed better than he ever has in the premier league . mata is performing at the peak of his powers in his last five games . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
england are in danger of losing their fourth champions league spot . this season , for the second time in three years , there were no english clubs in the quarter-finals of the champions league . germany will begin next season with a higher ranking than england , once 2010/11 points are discounted .
premier league leaders chelsea host a resurgent manchester united in the premier league on saturday . louis van gaal 's united have won four on the spin in which robin van persie rescued a draw with an injury time equaliser in the game in october 2014 . angel di maria is almost certain to miss out again this weekend .
chelsea host manchester united at the emirates stadium on saturday . jose mourinho offered some positive injury news as he spoke ahead of chelsea 's game with man united . costa sustained the injury in the 2-1 home win over stoke city on april 4 .
jose mourinho believes manchester united 's injury crisis does not weaken their team as they head to chelsea for tomorrow 's title clash . louis van gaal revealed he will be without marcos rojo , phil jones , michael carrick and daley blind at stamford bridge . united currently enjoy a seven-point lead in the premier league title race with a game in hand .
manchester united host chelsea at stamford bridge on saturday . michael carrick and daley blind both have ankle injuries . phil jones and marcos rojo will also miss the trip to the premier league leaders . louis van gaal has revealed that rooney may play in holding midfield role .
jurgen klopp confirmed in a press conference he is to leave borussia dortmund this summer . the german will seek a new challenge with a move to the premier league likely . klopp was alongside chief executive hans-joachim watzke and sporting director michael zorc .
manchester city and chelsea are set to battle it out for aaron cresswell . city will have another chance to run the rule when west ham travel to the etihad this sunday . the 25-year-old has impressed during his first season in the premier league since leaving ipswich .
joel ward has signed a new three-and-a-half year contract at crystal palace . the 25-year-old has been a mainstay in the first team , making 35 appearances in all competitions . ward has played every minute of palace 's premier league campaign this season , under three different managers .
luis suarez will be at the parc des princes tonight , forming one part of football 's most famous three-man attack . psg have been stripped by suspension of two key players , zlatan ibrahimovic and marco veratti . cavani has a towering reputation in the game , stemming from three prolific seasons in naples .
nico rosberg responded to a fan who accused lewis hamilton of ` crying ' after he complained about the chinese grand prix . hamilton crossed the line to claim his second win of the season and his fourth in china . the british driver was a few seconds behind hamilton when the world champion slowed .
niki lauda claimed his fourth chinese grand prix victory and the 35th overall of his formula one career . mercedes non-executive chairman nico rosberg effectively accused lewis hamilton of selfishness during the post-race press conference . hamilton spearheaded a mercedes one-two at the shanghai international circuit .
lewis hamilton controlled the race in shanghai to seal his second win of the season and his fourth in china . but nico rosberg was furious with his mercedes team-mate , accusing him of severely compromising his strategy and leaving him under unnecessary pressure from ferrari 's sebastian vettel .
red bull team principal christian horner has been critical of renault this season . renault suffered two blown engines as first red bull 's daniil kvyat was forced out of the race . the fact renault powered red bull to four consecutive drivers ' championships from 2010-2013 is a thing of the past .
vincent kompany says his mum stopped him moving to manchester united as a teenager . the manchester city captain was the subject of an inquiry from sir alex ferguson when he was breaking through the ranks at anderlecht . the belgian international sealed a switch to the premier league in 2008 .
manchester city players will lose # 500,000-a-man in bonuses if they fail to qualify for the champions league this season . manuel pellegrini 's team are on incentivised contracts to stay within financial fairplay rules . city are in fourth place and will be just four points ahead of liverpool .
chelsea beat qpr 22-16 at loftus road on saturday . cesc fabregas was the diamond when he worked the opening . jose mourinho 's team are within inches of the silverware . charlie austin lets fly from long range , the best effort for either side in a first half lacking quality in front of goal .
cesc fabregas scored the winning goal in chelsea 's 1-0 win over qpr . the spaniard netted with just two minutes to go following a poor clearance from qpr goalkeeper rob green before removing the mask . charlie adam 's forearm minutes before the scot struck a 66-yard wondergoal at stamford bridge .
toby alderweireld has been in superb form at southampton . the 26-year-old moved to st mary 's on a season-long loan . ronald koeman 's side have the option to make the deal permanent for just # 6.8 million .
manchester united beat city 1-0 at kick-off in the ` mini derby ' . callum gribbin was the matchwinner for united with a delightful free-kick . the young reds coach wanted to make the experience closer to what his tyros could expect should they make the step up to the seniors .
richie benaud played in 64 tests as a leg-spinning all-rounder and captained australia to world dominance in the 1950s . the great commentator had been receiving treatment for skin cancer since november . it was hoped he would still be able to commentate on the world cup .
australian prime minister tony abbott called his death the ` greatest loss for cricket since the loss of don bradman ' . benaud was the voice of cricket for generations , commentating in his native australia and for the bbc . he was a daring captain and became the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests .
richie benaud has died at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer . the 84-year-old was on hand to talk viewers through shane warne 's first test delivery for australia in the 1993 ashes . benaud narrated channel nine 's powerful tribute to phillip hughes in november 2014 .
richie benaud died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer . he was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . tributes are seen at the statue of benaud at the sydney cricket ground after his passing . he won 63 test caps between january 1952 and february 1964 .
shane warne hailed richie benaud as the ` godfather of cricket ' . benaud was as well known for his commentary as his cricket after moving into a career in the media in 1956 . he scored 2,201 runs in 68 tests while never losing a series in charge of his country .
michael vaughan has emerged as the favourite for the newly created role of director of england cricket . the 2005 ashes winning captain is the hot favourite on the three-man shortlist compiled by the ecb at thursday 's management board meeting . andrew strauss and alec stewart have both registered their interest .
kevin pietersen has been named in surrey 's 13-man squad to play oxford university . the 34-year-old has not played a first-class match since january 2014 . he has given up a lucrative deal with indian premier league side sunrisers hyderabad in order to come back to surrey .
james faulkner has signed a deal to join lancashire for the bulk of this summer . australia all-rounder will play in the red rose 's first four lv = county championship matches before joining the australian premier league squad . faulner was named man of the match as his country beat new zealand to win the world cup last month .
jacques burger will be available to play in saracens ' european champions cup semi-final against clermont auvergne in saint etienne on april 18 . the namibia flanker received a one-week ban after he appeared at a champions cup disciplinary hearing on thursday .
owen farrell hopes to be fit for saracens ' european champions cup semi-final against clermont auvergne on april 18 . the england fly-half has been sidelined since suffering a knee ligament injury against the same opponents in january . farrell missed the entire rbs 6 nations because of the injury with george frod excelling in his absence .
england world cup hopeful elliot daly has been named the aviva premiership 's player of the month for march . the 22-year-old scored two tries in march as the coventry-based club maintained on course for a champions cup spot next season . daly 's form at centre has him pushing incumbent england no 13 jonathan joseph hard for his place .
harry kane has hailed his trailblazing few days as the ` best week of my life ' . the tottenham striker scored within seconds of his england debut against lithuania on march 27 . the 30-goal striker led out his side for the first time in draw with burnley .
newcastle united beat sunderland 3-0 in the tyne-wear derby on sunday . head coach john carver said he had a secret motivational tactic up his sleeve . he said he would only reveal what he used in a forlorn attempt to rouse his players . neville was scathing in his assessment of newcastle a fortnight ago .
adam johnson , 27 , charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming . the # 50,000-a-week player is due to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 and the case will then be transferred to crown court . johnson is the father of a three-month-old daughter .
australian doctor tareq kamleh has been hailed the ` new face ' of the latest islamic state propaganda videos . he called on foreign medics to travel to the isis stronghold in raqqa to help launch the ishs -lrb- the islamist state health service -rrb- . the video of him showed him handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope . he reportedly worked as a
xherdan shaqiri joined inter milan from bayern munich in january . the 23-year-old has signed a four-and-a-half year contract at the club . roberto mancini has rubbished the speculation insisting the midfielder can have a big future in italy .
la gazetta dello sport pins juve 's hopes of reaching the champions league final on carlos tevez . italians have a plan to beat the holders while spain is holding out for a clasico final . former liverpool and chelsea manager rafa benitez being cautious over his chances of beating europa league minnows dnipro .
former barcelona coach tito vilanova died aged 45 on april 25 last year . the former barcelona boss was pep guardiola 's assistant during a golden spell for the club when they won three la liga titles and two champions league trophies from 2008-12 . he would take charge of preparing the strategy and advise on potential signings as barca went on to win 14 out of a possible 19 trophies .
flight from milan to istanbul made an emergency landing at ataturk airport . television images showed firefighters approaching the plane at the airport and putting out the fire . one passenger took a photo of the severely damaged wing from their seat , and the airbus a320 aircraft 's passengers were evacuated safely .
evita srivastava , of allahabad , currently holds the record for having the longest hair in india . her hair now stands at 7ft -lrb- 2.1 m -rrb- , more than three inches longer than the height of the average basketball player . the 37-year-old indian rapunzel does not intend to rest on her laurels .
boy , 12 , needed to be rescued after falling down eight-foot drain in peterborough . it is believed the rubber drain cover had been kicked out of position . firefighters , police and ambulance crews worked to free the boy . he was trapped for more than half an hour and was not taken to hospital .
gareth barry has advised his everton team-mate ross barkley not to leave goodison too soon . the 21-year-old has overcome his early season struggles to play an influential role in everton 's recent revival . barry spent four seasons at city before being found surplus to requirements .
ronnie o'sullivan has thrown his name into the mix to replace jeremy clarkson as host of top gear . the five-time world snooker champion is looking for another title this week at the crucible against matthew stevens on saturday . he admitted he would ` love ' to be the presenter of the bbc show .
eden hazard is poised to win pfa player of the year as chelsea storm towards the barclays premier league title . gary neville insists cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi are ` in outer space ' by comparison to other players . neville says hazard must make himself a killer or a bully to defenders .
ashley young believes the club will be challenging for the title next season . the red devils have endured two mixed campaigns following the retirement of sir alex ferguson in may 2013 . the 29-year-old has played a prominent role for united this season . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
the pm was overjoyed when christian benteke helped villa reach the fa cup final . cameron said : ` i 'm a villa fan ... i must have been overcome by something ... this morning ' . the tory leader has since apologised , blaming a bout of ` brain fade ' .
chelsea are set to be without diego costa for sunday 's trip to arsenal . jose mourinho said he would make a late decision on costa 's fitness . costa suffered the latest in a string of hamstring injuries against stoke city three weeks ago . chelsea 's 17-year-old forward dominic solanke will deputise on the bench .
ann price , the creator of the world famous ghetto burger , has passed away . she was 72 . according to 11alive . com , price was the owner of ann 's snack bar in atlanta . back in 2007 , the wall street journal named her signature ` ghetto burger ' with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili .
jack grealish will decide his international future at the end of the season . the 19-year-old put in a dazzling performance as aston villa beat liverpool in an fa cup semi-final on sunday . gareth southgate made contact about a year ago and last october made public his desires to include england under-21 side .
maria sharapova was joined by players including ana ivanovic , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki and angelique kerber . the ladies were dressed glamorously as they posed for pictures at the porsche arena accompanied by a group of school children . serena williams was the highest profile absentee , admitting she was not ready for the clay court season .
lucky fans in saint-etienne were given a treat on monday night . ronaldo and zinedine zidane were joined by a host of former greats including clarence seedorf , fabian barthez , jay-jay okocha and gianluca zambrotta to name a few .
david ospina was fortunate to get away without conceding a penalty . hector bellerin does well to clear the ball off the line to prevent oscar 's lob putting chelsea ahead . francis coquelin had to walk a disciplinary tightrope after a first-half booking .
eugenie bouchard was mocked at home and abroad over the handshake controversy . romanian opponent alexandra dulgheru turned out to be the precursor of a dreadful few days for the world no 7 . it beings to symbolise a season fast unravelling for last year 's shooting star of the women 's game .
wayne rooney and david de gea met ill supporters on behalf of the manchester united foundation ` dream day ' . the three united heroes greeted all the supporters in attendance , making time to pose for photographs , chat with them about united 's season so far . they also took the chance to engage with rooney , captain for the club and england .
liverpool 's sponsorship agreement with standard chartered bank has been extended for three years . it was announced on tuesday that the partnership will now run through to the end of the 2018-19 season . this being the fifth season the company 's logo has appeared on the team 's shirts .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are less than two weeks away from facing each other in the richest fight in history . the couple recently purchased a mansion in beverly hills for # 8.4 million . married for 15 years , the couple are on the most celebrated in the philippines .
west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as # 289 when they move to the olympic stadium in stratford . co-chairmen david gold and david sullivan are using the boost of the enhanced television revenue . the new tv deal starts in 2016 after sky and bt agreed to pay more than # 5billion for domestic rights .
lewis hamilton 's younger sibling nicolas is preparing to become the first disabled competitor to compete in the british touring car championship . lewis , whose next race is the spanish grand prix on may 10 , admits nicolas shares the family stubborn streak which does not always welcome advice .
jack grealish put in a dazzling performance as aston villa beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley on sunday . the 19-year-old was clobbered by two fouls against liverpool in sunday 's fa cup semi-final win . he was told without pity , and appealed to the referee .
the video , allegedly shot near the capital of sanaa , sees 20 men wearing desert camouflage uniforms carry out a carefully choreographed rifle routine in the sand . the ` establishing ' of an isis-related group in yemen comes after months of conflict which has seen iran-backed houthi rebels fight both the government and the local al qaeda affiliates .
laura wells has launched a new swimwear line with a twist . the eco-friendly collection is made entirely of 100 per cent recycled material . the swimwear features plunging v-necks , criss-cross straps and flattering cuts for all shapes . the collection is inspired by the ocean , with coral reef scenes featuring throughout .
abby bishop was just 24 when she took in her two-day-old niece zala . it was august 2013 and bishop suddenly found herself caring for a newborn . she will go with her to the u.s. this may when she starts playing for the seattle storm in the wnba .
daley blind posted a picture of himself and former holland international father danny on his instagram , which includes images of the father and son together . the 25-year-old has been a key figure for united this campaign , with his versatility seeing him play in midfield and at left back for louis van gaal .
david haye , 34 , was stopped by officials on his arrival at dubai international airport and accused of fraud by writing a cheque as payment for a new property which bounced . the boxer also handed over his passport to authorities , and has been unable to leave the united arab emirates . haye has said the ` bounced ' cheque was down to an administrative error .
six chelsea players have been named in the professional footballers ' association premier league team of the year . jose mourinho 's men are on the brink of a first title since 2010 . john terry and gary cahill joined by branislav ivanovic and ryan bertrand .
javier hernandez made it six goals in eight games as real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 on sunday night . the on-loan manchester united striker scored twice as real moved back to within two points of barcelona . ancelotti says he is focusing on enjoying his football rather than where he will be playing next season .
the recent explosion of live video streaming apps such as periscope and meerkat have raised the prospect that sky and us broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on millions if viewers stream the content between their devices without paying . in the us , viewers are being charged between $ 89.99 -lrb- # 59 -rrb- to watch the fight while in britain sky is offering the bout for # 19.99 .
andrea pirlo scored a stunning free-kick for juventus against torino . juve could have wrapped up their fourth consecutive serie a title . matteo darmian equalised for the home side just before the interval . fabio quagliarella completed the shock comeback around the hour mark .
ronnie o'sullivan is spoken to by referee olivier marteel in his second round match against matthew stevens at the crucible . the five-time world champion enjoyed a successful day , firing two rapid centuries in establishing a 12-4 lead . the warning from the referee could be the end of sunday 's matter .
cesc fabregas was booed by large portions of the arsenal supporters upon his return to the emirates . the chelsea midfielder was substituted in the dying moments he was given an applause . arsenal are third in the premier league , level on points with manchester city but with a winless run against jose mourinho .
ronnie o'sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the crucible on tuesday . the rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year 's betfred world championship in sheffield . the 32-year-old played a frame of his encounter against fellow englishman craig steadman in his socks .
england 's national saint 's day falls on april 23 , and a number of the country 's finest footballers were quick to show their pride with a series of photographs and videos . harry kane posted a picture to instagram from his time in the white of england .
gary neville has slammed manchester united 's performance against everton as ` toothless ' . goals from james mccarthy , john stones and kevin mirallas condemned united to their third successive premier league loss at goodison park . red devils manager louis van gaal accused his players of lacking desire .
manchester united lost 3-0 at everton in the premier league on may 2 . louis van gaal said his players could not match everton 's motivation . the red devils boss said he was worried after watching united go through their pre-match warm-up at goodison park .
cristiano ronaldo has devoted hours on the training field to mastering the art of the perfect set-piece . in the white-hot atmosphere of the santiago bernabeu prior to wednesday night 's second-leg champions league quarter-final . the 30-year-old made a dash for the supporter and removed his training shirt .
chelsea drew goalless with arsenal at the emirates stadium on sunday . didier drogba posted a picture on instagram of branislav ivanovic , nemanja matic , cesar azpilicueta , eden hazard , john terry and cesc fabregas . chelsea manager jose mourinho has branded their 11-year wait for the title ` boring ' .
bayern munich had to make do without four important first-team stars . injured quartet franck ribery , mehdi benatia , david alaba and arjen robben were forced to watch on from the sidelines . bayern raced into a 5-0 lead at half-time before claiming a 6-1 victory to win the tie 7-4 on aggregate .
wayne rooney suffered a knee injury during the defeat by everton . the england international was replaced by robin van persie in the closing stages of the premier league clash . van gaal confirmed to mutv after the game that rooney had sustained the injury but that it was too early to know the severity .
uefa have charged bayern munich manager pep guardiola for wearing a t-shirt demanding justice for jorge ` el topo ' lopez . guardiola was sporting the top - which read ` #justiciaparatopo ' . the message appeared to support a campaign to investigate lopez 's death .
harry kane capped off an ` unreal ' season to land the pfa young player of the year 2015 on sunday . kane spent time on loan at leyton orient , millwall , norwich city and leicester city before breaking into the spurs first-team under mauricio pochettino . the 21-year-old arrived at the white hart lane club 's youth ranks .
oscar collided with an onrushing david ospina in the 16th minute . the brazilian was sent to hospital at half time for checks . referee michael oliver waved away chelsea 's protestation . oscar played on for half an hour before being properly assessed .
chris hala'ufia halted laurence pearce with a shoulder charge . the tongan number eight left him prone on the ground . leicester fought back from a shock 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points in a one sided second half against the relegated welsh . captain ben youngs scored leicester 's first try in the third minute .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao were given a glimpse of the wbc emerald winner 's belt on tuesday . the emerald green , diamond encrusted belt was unveiled by world boxing council president mauricio sulaiman who was joined by former world heavyweight champion larry holmes . current wbc light heavyweight champion adonis stevenson was also on hand as the $ 1million creation was put on show .
angelique kerber beat caroline wozniacki 3-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 in the stuttgart grand prix . kerber completed a memorable week where she beat top seed maria sharapova and sixth seed ekaterina makarova in previous rounds .
arsenal fan tv favourite claude callegari insists the flag should be taken down from the side of the emirates stadium . fabregas left arsenal for barcelona in 2011 , leaving some gunners fans questioning why his image still adorns the stadium 's ken friar bridge .
arsenal winger alex oxlade-chamberlain and chelsea defender gary cahill pitted themselves against jack nowell of exeter chiefs and bath 's george ford . nowell did hit the crossbar with a nonchalant kick during practice and uploaded the evidence with an instagram video .
tiger woods has played just three tournaments so far this year . the 14-time major winner took a break to offer the retired chinese basketball star a few golfing tips . woods has confirmed he will return to the pga tour at the players championship on may 7 . the pair met up at nike 's headquarters in shanghai where the former houston rockets centre towered over his tutor as he got to grips with his swing on an indoor range .
chelsea fans stormed arsenal 's emirates stadium this week in a lighthearted attempt to lay a blue marker down as the premier league clubs prepare to do battle on sunday . the four practical jokers carry the blue and white letters as they look to make their mark in north london .
ian poulter shared an instagram picture of back of his head with eight needles stuck in his neck . the english golfer has used the alternative medicine technique to aid his recovery . the 39-year-old is confident of winning a first tour title since the hsbc champions in 2012 .
jockey blake shinn suffered an unfortunate wardrobe malfunction while racing on thursday . the 27-year-old bared all to those at the hyland race colours plate in canterbury , austalia as he attempted to ride miss royale to victory . during the final turn in race 1 , shinn stood up on his horse to gain momentum as he tried to overtake leader tommy berry with the finishing line in sight .
the man , known only as jason , uploaded the video to youtube . it begins with him explaining how he will pop the grape-sized growth . he says : ` we have the pliers , they 're going to hold onto the needle which will then be smashed into my cyst with the end of a screwdriver ' .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night . pep guardiola managed to tear the left trouser leg of his grey garments . the spanish tactician 's underwear was on show after the incident . bayern managed to book a place in the champions league semi-finals .
algeria 's championnat national de premiere division sees 16 teams in with a shout of the championship . just 11 points split leaders es setif and na hussein dey , meaning , that any of the 16 teams could still be crowned champions . the current state of the algerian league table , which sees all 16 teams , could yet condemn them to relegation .
daniel sturridge will miss liverpool 's trip to hull city on tuesday night . the 25-year-old missed five months with calf and thigh issues . rodgers has vowed to do ` what is best ' for the liverpool striker . the england striker is now battling to overcome a hip problem .
george groves will fight badou jack for the wbc world super-middleweight title this summer . the 27-year-old defeated anthony dirrell on points on friday night . jack , the las vegas-based fighter , was the underdog for the uic pavilion bout with dirrell unbeaten in his previous 28 fights .
floyd mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department by paying over $ 1,000 per plate . the boxer invited compatriot adrien broner for a feast at his mansion . broner , a three-time world champion , took to instagram to show off the food on show .
didier drogba celebrated playing his part in chelsea 's 1-0 victory over manchester united on saturday night . the ivory coast icon was delighted with how the evening panned out , as his team-mates and other members of the world of football and celebrity helped raise a figure that will open a medical clinic in abidjan later this year . the didier foundation has provided financial support across health and education in africa since it was founded in 2007 .
liverpool beat liverpool 2-1 at wembley on sunday afternoon . steven gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending . brendan rodgers must take the blame for his performance . the reds boss was disappointed with the result . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
brendan rodgers insists liverpool 's transfer ambitions will not be compromised by their inability to offer champions league football . liverpool were given permission by psv eindhoven to hold with depay . the 21-year-old scored 21 goals in the eredivise this season .
manchester united lost 2-0 to manchester united at goodison park . james mccarthy scored the only goal of the game in the fifth minute . the dutchman 's biggest defeat as united manager has now been followed by a failure that was altogether more comprehensive . louis van gaal 's side are currently third in the premier league .
david beckham is used to having his children in the crowd at sporting events but he was relegated to the role of spectator . beckham , wife victoria and their two other sons were there to cheer on romeo as he completed the race . the beckham children have clearly inherited their father 's sporty genes , 15-year old brooklyn has played for arsenal 's academy sides .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on saturday . john terry has warned arsenal they will never win the premier league . chelsea 's striker didier drogba scored a hard-fought point for the blues . terry was praised by manager jose mourinho after the game .
the mgm grand expect 50,000 people each day to pass through for friday 's weigh-in and saturday 's fight of the century . many early arrivals are busy now stock-piling cases of their preferred foaming nfl legend , miller lite , corona and tecate .
jose mourinho watched fulham under 21s lose to porto u21s . the chelsea manager was pitchside as fulham suffered a disappointing defeat in the premier league semi-final clash . moussa dembele - who has made a number of appearances in the championship - also played for the cottagers .
edinson cavani has struggled in the shadow of zlatan ibrahimovic . the psg striker put on his cardigan and headed for a local zoo . laurent blanc 's side went down to a comfortable 2-0 second-leg defeat . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
st mirren skipper steven thompson has apologised to team-mate john mcginn after accidentally spearing him with a training ground pole . the scotland under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season after a prank at saints ' renfrewshire training ground went badly wrong on thursday . thomson subsequently scored two goals in saints 4-1 win over kilmarnock .
paula radcliffe set the world record of 2:15.25 in the london marathon in april 2003 . in 2005 she recorded her third and final victory over the 26.2 mile course from blackheath to the mall . radcliffe said the time was irrelevant in her final competitive marathon .
bayern munich legend franz beckenbauer believes jurgen klopp could succeed pep guardiola at the allianz arena . klopp won two bundesliga titles in seven seasons with borussia dortmund despite being dubbed underdogs . the 47-year-old has a contract until the summer of 2016 .
liverpool fans are unhappy at being charge # 50 to go to hull . the die-hard contingent of fans who travel the length and breadth of the country to watch brendan rodgers ' side are staying away from the kc stadium . last season , the same seats were sold for # 35 .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night . thomas muller scored the fourth goal of the champions league quarter-final . the germany international uses a megaphone to stir up the fans . supporters responded to muller 's chants as they celebrated the win .
james haskell showed off his inner iron man in a serious-looking instagram post . the london wasps captain returned to the club where he started his career for the 2012 season . haskell first joined wasps in 2002 , playing eight seasons for the club and winning his first england cap five years later .
andy carroll suffered torn ligaments in his left knee during west ham 's 0-0 draw with southampton . the 26-year-old wo n't be available for the rest of the season . west ham could do with having the striker right now , having only won one in their last 11 and their early european hopes dashed .
wladimir klitschko says he is ready to travel to england to defend his belts . the ibf , wba and wbo king ended his seven-year american hiatus by clearly out-pointing bryant jennings at madison square garden on saturday night . the american boxing public fell out of love with the 6ft6in ukrainian back in 2008 when he outpointed russian sultan ibragimov in an unins
floyd mayweather paid mariah carey a visit at his las vegas gym . carey has long been a fan of mayweather having attended his fight against shane mosley in 2010 . pacquiao and mayweather have come face-to-face just once in the build-up .
mick schumacher junior is part of the dutch van amersfoort racing team . his debut in single-seater racing gets underway at the motorsport arena oschersleben on friday . the 16-year-old will take part in two more races on sunday .
sergio aguero and marco reus went head-to-head to showcase the new puma boot being launched . the manchester city striker scored to put himself 3-2 up against the german . reus has been linked with a move away from dortmund and could follow jurgen klopp out of the club .
john terry , gary cahill , branislav ivanovic , nigel winterburn , lee dixon , steve bould/martin keown all took part . the gunners conceded 33 premier league goals along the way as they pipped manchester united to the title . wenger 's side finished 11 points clear of chelsea in the premier league .
rory mcilroy knew he was beaten even before he took the strain for an arm wrestle with the ripped high schooler . dalke posted a video of the light-hearted encounter on his twitter page with the note , ` sorry rory ' . oklahoma university hopes he was n't serious having had the prodigy lined up via a verbal agreement .
chelsea face leicester , crystal palace , liverpool , west brom and sunderland in the premier league on sunday . rafa benitez was in charge of chelsea and john terry 's glittering career at stamford bridge was in danger of fizzling out . the blues captain has made an appearance in all 33 premier league games this season .
real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 at the top of la liga on sunday . chicharito scored twice to keep real in the title race . lionel messi nets once every 81 minutes with a scoring ratio . ancelotti 's tactical switch shows just how much of a threat celta have been during the 80-odd minutes .
javier hernandez scored twice as real madrid beat celta vigo 4-2 . the manchester united loanee put his team in the champions league semi-finals in midweek with the winner against atletico madrid and in baliados on sunday night . chicharito is currently scoring a goal every 83 minutes .
kei nishikori was crowned barcelona open champion for the second consecutive year after a hard-fought 6-4 victory over surprise spanish finalist pablo andujar . it was the ninth career title for the top-seeded japanese , who again showed his improved endurance as he battled to come out on top against the world number 66 . pique played in barcelona 's 2-0 win over espanyol on saturday which kept them top in la
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled on sunday night . sergio aguero has scored one more than harry kane at the grosvenor house . the system measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team . everton defender phil jagielka has missed just one premier league game .
the reds top the table with 75 representatives in the best xi since the premier league began in 1992 . eden hazard , diego costa , john terry , gary cahill , nemanja matic and branislav ivanovic feature in this year 's team . hazard was named the pfa player of the year on sunday .
swansea city striker bafetimbi gomis has been recovering from a hamstring injury in france . the 29-year-old has been using his spell on the sidelines to spend time with his family in lyon . the frenchman will miss league trips to leicester and newcastle .
louis van gaal has been given the green light to make gareth bale his top summer transfer target . the dutchman greeted a group of supporters with life-limiting illnesses at the biannual manchester foundation dream day held at the aon training complex . moshin tanveer - who suffers from duchenne muscular dystrophy - used the special occasion to provide the former holland boss with a star-studded cast of europe '
thierry henry believes arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league title . henry was speaking after arsenal 's goalless draw with chelsea . the frenchman also claimed the gunners will struggle to win the league .
online and front-end retailers are seeing record sales of pacquiao t-shirts , boxing gloves , figurines , caps and jackets . buyers stocking up on items they believe could at least double in value if he wins what is the highest grossing bout in history . retailers are struggling to cope with demand from fans snapping up any paraphernalia they could find .
the fennwrightmanson.com suede courts , # 195 , lkbennett.com . aurora crystal earrings , mondrian dress , # 220 , josephribkoff.com 's skinny belt . waistcoat , # 69.99 , elliotrhodes.com , is # 59.95 .
usa women 's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup hosted by canada in june . the strips have caused a bit of stir across the pond , because of the decision to go with a black and white colour scheme rather than the traditional red , white and blue . striker alex morgan hailed nike 's design as innovative .
ivan rakitic shared a picture with his wife and daughter with the caption ` happy st george 's day ' . the croatia midfielder has been an integral part of barcelona 's team since signing from sevilla in june . barcelona have a two-point lead over real madrid in the spanish league .
jose mourinho went into the game against arsenal without a striker . the chelsea boss is staying true to the game because the end result will be a fourth barclays premier league title for this football club . oscar was part of a front three who interchanged roles during the first half to great effect for their boss .
amid renewed calls for fifa to overturn the controversial decision to hand the 2022 world cup to qatar . qatar won the final round of voting 14-8 against the usa in the executive committee ballot . much of this outlay was on goods and services for qatar -- including aerospace orders , a football club , sponsorship agreements , land and general exposure .
adam federici left the pitch in tears after fumbling alexis sanchez 's effort to give arsenal a 2-1 victory in saturday 's semi final . but reading reached the final on may 30 it would have clashed with australian federici 's wedding in italy to long-term girlfriend micaela gardner . federici has been backed to bounce back by reading boss steve clarke .
manchester united have been linked with radamel falcao . louis van gaal prefers to work with young talent he can mould into his type of player . united will have kept a close eye on tuesday night 's events at the nou camp to see if cavani still had what it takes .
manny pacquiao has tried his hand at acting , politics and coaching basketball over the years . the filipino stole the show in an advertisement for the american sportswear company back in november by joking about the possibility of finally being able to go toe-to-toe with floyd mayweather . the advert was released before an agreement was reached for the las vegas mega-fight .
aston villa beat liverpool 1-0 in the fa cup final at wembley . philippe coutinho fired liverpool ahead with a smart chip . tim sherwood 's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from fabian delph and held on for the famous victory .
the apple watch sport edition is shown to shatter easily after being dropped from a height of just under four feet -lrb- 1.2 metres -rrb- . apple claims its watch is ` protected by a lightweight aluminosilicate glass that 's especially resistant to scratches and impact ' .
the new england patriots beat seattle seahawks 28-24 to win the nfl super bowl in glendale , arizona with brady named as mvp for the third time in his fourth super bowl victory . a spokesman for the patriots said ` prior family commitments ' were the reason why brady did n't attend the visit . the 30 year-old has met obama before back in 2005 when the president was a us senator .
jose mourinho says injuries to his strikers have made him take a cautious approach to the last few games wrapping up the title . the chelsea boss started with his favourite ` back seven ' of thibaut courtois in goal , with branislav ivanovic , gary cahill , john terry and cesar azpilicueta protected by nemanja matic . mario balotelli 's first start in a premier league game since the
watford beat brighton 2-0 at the amex stadium in the early kick-off . slavisa jokanovic 's men beat aitor karanka 's boro 4-3 in stoppage time . watford will now return to the premier league for the first time since the 2006-07 campaign .
xavi came on as a half-time substitute against psg in the champions league quarter-final on tuesday night . the former spain international played for 148th time in the competition , more than any other player since the tournament changed to its current format in 1992 . real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas is in line to equal xavi 's total in both champions league games and knockout matches .
ea sports ' new game rory mcilroy pga tour is due out on july 16 . courses , such as tpc sawgrass , also affect how your shots are played . firmer , links-style courses like st andrews will provide more bounce and be more receptive to spin .
lewis hamilton and olivia munn film scenes in rome for zoolander 2 . hamilton donned a stylish red camouflage suit with a white shirt and sunglasses for the runway scene . the british race car driver and actress have done well to nab a coveted cameo in the comedy sequel .
the spfl are entitled to take 50 per cent of the gate proceeds from the six play-off ties for redistribution among the clubs . motherwell general manager alan burrows told sportsmail his club will make a stand if they finish 11th . rangers sources said last night that the club have yet to reach a final decision on whether to seek an spfl exemption .
jason denayer is set to return to england to spend a season on loan in the championship . the belgian defender has been a revelation during his year-long loan move to celtic . the 19-year-old had consistently stated he intended returning to his parent club this summer to fight for a first-team place .
the steel gate at border field state park in california was unlocked by officials in honor of children 's day , a mexican holiday . two young boys reportedly fell to their knees as they crossed into mexico and saw their cherished mother for the first time in two years . a border patrol officer also smiles as the family reunites during the event , organized by border angels .
just a quarter of voters think david cameron is hungriest to win the election . only 25 per cent of people think he wants to win most , compared to 43 per cent who believe ed miliband is most up for the fight . opinion polls continue to suggest the result is too close to call .
karen danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in parliament like them . the labour councillor said parliament needed people like her ` to bring it back down to reality ' . she said she used provocative selfie pictures on twitter as a way of saying : ` i will not be ashamed about who i am ' .
the london borough of barking and dagenham wants dog owners to submit a dna sample from the inside of the animal 's cheek . the council would then use stored information to match the animal responsible with any errant mess found on the streets . the move is part of efforts to reduce its # 2.3 million annual street cleansing bill .
philip dunning , 44 , from bo ` ness , west lothian , made the decision to give notice as shift manager at a food plant in the town within hours . after hitting the jackpot in saturday night 's lotto , he told his boss he was quitting . his partner gina meikle , 45 , also worked there , did the same .
the 35-year-old actor posted the tweet on his verified twitter account . it came a day after chris o'dowd and his wife , dawn o'porter , attended an event in london . gatwick airport 's website says passengers are allowed to ` carry enough baby milk or baby food ' for their journey in their hand luggage .
arsenal 's boyfriend made her take an arsenal test and did n't dump her thanks to her a grade . there were ` helpful ' instructions including ` read every question at least twice ' and ` check your answers if you have time at the end ' . saskia scored an impressive 43.5 out of 50 .
goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book . documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter madeleine 's disappearance . in a written verdict , a lisbon court agreed that mr and mrs mccann should pay $ 250,000 each in damages and banned further sales of his book the truth of the lie . couple 's lawyer isabel duarte also also revealed that amark had been told to pay interest which she said
ronald butcher left his # 500,000 fortune to daniel sharp after he died in 2013 . but his relatives and family insist that the will is invalid and say that the builder is lying about his friendship with mr butcher . the three were the equal beneficiaries of a will drawn up in december 2011 but after his death they discovered they had been disinherited .
ousamn jatta , 45 , married wife beryl , 88 , in gambia 13 years ago . he moved back to the uk with her when she became ill with dementia . mr jatta had threatened to go on hunger strike unless bristol city council hand over his wife , who he says has pleaded to return home to her husband .
real madrid were 5-0 up at this point -lrb- i was about to write a post about how barcelona were playing at last night 's world cup . james rodriguez produces a bit of individual magic to opening the scoring . the ball bounces up to the goalkeeper and into the top corner at some speed .
indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for the good job that they did . he said all the shots were done perfectly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in january . he visited nusakambangan on wednesday after bali nine pair were executed with other drug offenders .
brazilian man shot dead alongside australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran in indonesia . rodrigo gularte , 42 , asked ` am i being executed ? ' as he was being chained up to be transported to the jungle clearing on nusakambangan island . the irish priest appointed to be gularte 's spiritual advisor in his final hours said he talked to gularte for an hour and a half late on tuesday night to prepare him
arshdeep kaur and her mother shinder were travelling from their home in punjab , northern india , to visit relatives when a group of about half a dozen men began harassing them . the men grabbed arshdeep and made several attempts to ` molest ' her , but instead of defending them , the bus staff joined in the sexual assault . the incident took place on a near-empty bus near moga , some 50 miles from the pakistani border .
jeffrey okafor , 24 , is accused of stabbing carl beatson-asiedu to death . the 19-year-old was leaving the club life nightclub in vauxhall 's goding street , in london , with a group of friends after performing a set when a group approached them , the court heard . mr lama , also 19 , was stabbed in the buttock by abu mansaray while jermaine coker was chased by junior ad
lib dem minister danny alexander released details of what he claimed are secret plans drawn up in the last government to cut child benefit and child tax credits . conservatives angrily denied the specific proposals set out in the document revealed by the lib dems but they remain under pressure to spell out how they will making savings .
ronaldo brown has signed for oldham athletic from the latics . the 16-year-old is named after brazil 's former striker ronaldo . denise , 38 , chose the name because of her love of the brazil side . young brown also has a brother called rivaldo after the french player .
ba van nguyen was able to fly a ch-47 chinook , the largest helicopter in the south vietnamese army , with his three children and wife out of the city . this after nguyen somehow managed to pilot the helicopter while getting out of his flight suit and jumping into the ocean just seconds before it crashed . nguyen moved his family to his mother-in-law 's house , telling them he would be back the next day in the chinook .
francois hollande has vowed to ` show no mercy ' if french peacekeepers are found guilty of sexual assaulting starving children . the investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday . the french defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal following revelations it was made aware of the allegations in july last year .
pema lama , 15 , was pulled , dazed and dusty , from the rubble of a guesthouse in kathmandu . he was carried out on a stretcher by medics who had placed an iv drip into his arm and a blue brace around his neck . his astonishing tale of survival came as a four-month-old baby was reunited with his mother after being rescued from rubble .
five-month-old sonit awal was asleep upstairs in the family home . but was saved from death by a cupboard that fell over him . family and friends used their bare hands to try and free sonit . but without specialist equipment it was impossible , mother rasmila awal said .
nicola sturgeon faced questions from a studio audience at bbc scotland . the scottish first minister talked up her chances of being westminster 's king-maker following next week 's election . polls still pointing to another hung parliament , but a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table .
darren stanton , who has a background in psychology , micro expression training , and neuro linguistic programming -lrb- the study of body signals -rrb- . he managed to suss out when both philip schofield and amanda holden were fibbing and also appeared in a video clip catching out a cheating husband for lying about an affair . darren said he noticed a slight flick on that side of the mouth , much to the presenters amazement .
ukip leader said he would not give up trying to pull britain out of european union . but he rejected claims his party would become ` redundant ' as a result . comes after david cameron , ed miliband and nick clegg faced live-tv grilling over their plans for the next five years in power .
real madrid failed to activate their first option on javier hernandez . the midnight deadline went by without madrid making a formal offer to buy the manchester united striker outright . the 26-year-old has impressed in the last few weeks with five goals in his last six games .
carl thompson , 32 , has gained an astonishing 30 stone in just three years . he is confined to the ground floor flat where he lives alone in dover , kent . but aged around 10 he was a normal size and played like a normal child . he spends # 200 every week on takeaways and online food shopping .
ukip leader will say boatloads of people trying to get to the continent could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm . mr farage will make his comments in a debate at the european parliament in strasbourg in the wake of more than 1,000 migrants drowning in the mediterranean .
home secretary theresa may warned that lives will be in danger if britain is saddled with a hung parliament unable to pass anti-terror laws . but based on current polling , parliament would be left deadlocked -- with the balance of power held by scottish nationalists opposed to updating the law .
ukip leader said anti-english sentiment in scotland was now the ` biggest ' form of racism in the uk . h e said mr salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that ukip is called racist . mr farage said the snp was ` openly racist ' , accusing salmond of fuelling resentment .
stuart mccall has learned to tolerate supporters booing their own players . lee mcculloch was booed for an error that led to a goal against raith rovers . rangers manager hopes that for the time that he is manager of rangers , mccormack will be the last player to get booed .
the commons expenses watchdog had launched a bid to keep mps ' original claims secret . but the court of appeal ruled today that it must release all the copies of receipts and invoices which have been submitted by politicians . the case stems from a freedom of information request to ipsa in 2010 .
liz clark , 34 , left her home in san diego , california , when she was given a cal 40 sailboat on the condition that she sail the globe . for the last decade liz has been enjoying an idyllic life as she sails alone in a sailboat , travelling about 25,000 nautical miles to date .
study carried out by the forsa institute found the number of people who considered the end of the conflict fell to just nine per cent - a 25 per cent drop in the last decade . instead , they now exploring the impact of hitler and the nazi regime on everyday germans , the times reported .
kevin morgan , 55 , was injured when a land rover discovery reversed into his stationary rover 75 while he was working in dorset . the married engineer suffered whiplash , which developed into chronic pain syndrome and a resulting deep depression . but as his # 600,000 damages claim began at the central london county court , he was accused of a staggering fraud by motor insurers .
bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her youtube channel for her visits into the chernobyl exclusion zone . the site of a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago on april 26 , 1986 , as she measures the high levels of radiation still lingering in the air . despite this , the daredevil researcher claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital . she says the most scared she 's felt during her six visits was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are on sale on thursday . the desert storm in a box office which some thought might pull the plug on the richest fight of all time has blown over . the issues over the number of tickets , credentials and hotel rooms to be made available to each camp were all resolved .
emma giffard , 36 , and ollie halls , 37 , from somerset , bought the cinema for just # 1,200 in 2005 . they toured the country with the classic bus which became a celebrity . now the pair have decided the time has come to sell the bus , which has taken over their lives for more than a decade .
charlie patino and his parents julio and katy weigh up offers from arsenal , chelsea and tottenham . the patinos are a level-headed family , absorbing the enormity of the offers on the table from three of the biggest clubs in the premier league .
everton players attended the annual ` academy day ' at finch farm . leon osman , phil jagielka , ross barkley and romelu lukaku were all present to pass on advice to the next generation of talent . academy director tim devon said the experience rekindled fond memories for him .
ivan rakitic and his wife raquel mauri are living the dream of every sports fan . the croatia international married in 2013 and have two children . lionel messi 's has also taken to instagram to confirm he will soon be a father . click here for all the latest barcelona news .
floyd mayweather will go head-to-head with manny pacquiao in the fight of the century at the mgm grand on may 2 . mayweather retweeted the post to his 5.8 million followers and earlier in the day , he thanked knight for watching him in the gym .
arsenal midfielder jack wilshere has been forced to miss five months of this season following ankle surgery in november . the 23-year-old was keen to share his staple food requirements with his 891,000 instagram followers . the standard refuel of a dozen eggs and a four-pack of baked beans provide crucial protein to strengthen the arsenal star 's muscles .
arsenal duo alex oxlade-chamberlain and kieran gibbs appear to have convinced american rapper tyga to nail his colours to the red half of north london . tyga , who has been making headlines during the last few months for dating the youngest kardashian sister - kylie jenner , appeared to dye his hair red to show his support to arsenal .
lionel messi took to instagram to post a picture of his son , thiago , kissing his wife antonella roccuzzo 's stomach with the message : ` waiting for you baby . we love you ' . the couple are reported to have settled on the name benjamin .
andy murray will be replaced by swede jonas bjorkman in the lead-up to the us open and quite possibly after that , depending on how she assesses her priorities . murray parted company with ivan lendl last year because the czech was no longer able to spend half the year travelling .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets are the hottest property in town . only 500 were on general sale with the rest distributed by the fighters , promoters , television networks showtime and hbo and the mgm grand . one fan , ade adebayo , 34 , from brighton was lucky enough to get hold of a ticket when they were released last week . he tells us his story and his hopes for the fight .
adnan januzaj cheered on shaun murphy at the world championship in sheffield . the manchester united winger has endured a frustrating season under louis van gaal . the 20-year-old turned out for under 21s in the 4-1 victory at fulham on tuesday night .
theo walcott has been pictured for a photoshoot with calum chambers , jack wilshere , mikel arteta , david ospina , mathieu flamini and mesut ozil . the 26-year-old will be hoping to make his first arsenal start since his side 's 3-0 win over west ham on march 14 .
marouane fellaini did not have the best of days at goodison park . manchester united beat louis van gaal 's side 1-0 at stamford bridge . mourinho revealed he prepared his chelsea players to deal with the threat . the belgian was substituted at half-time against the toffees .
lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez have scored 102 goals this season . messi scored twice in barcelona 's 6-0 win over getafe on tuesday night . argentine wizard messi now has 49 goals for the season . barcelona are currently five points clear in la liga .
sir alex ferguson revealed why he rates cristiano ronaldo above lionel messi while speaking to john parrott as part of the bbc 's coverage of the world championship at the crucible . ferguson admitted that he is always asked ` who is the greatest player in the world ? ' before explaining why he would choose his former united player over barcelona 's talisman .
jenson button completed the london marathon in under three hours , 52 minutes and 30 seconds . the mclaren driver joked he was disappointed to finish behind former olympic rower james cracknell . button was running on behalf of cancer research and described his experience as ` really emotional ' .
roger federer believes rafael nadal is still the favourite for the french open . nadal suffered his earliest exit in 12 years at the barcelona open . world no 1 novak djokovic is 30-2 so far this season and became the first man to win the first three masters titles of the year .
neymar captioned the photo of himself with luis suarez and lionel messi : ` buena victoria chavaleeeeees ... . daleeee ! ' . but the cheeky brazilian had used the typically argentine/uruguayan expression ` dale ' in reference to his two team-mates . brazilians , argentines and uruguayans are not famed for always getting on but barca 's three amigos have
madeison russell , 21 , was batting for the chicago cubs in the seventh inning during his first game at wrigley field . the bat went flying and struck a fan sitting several rows behind the cubs ' on-deck circle in the face . cubs officials rushed to assist the spectator and towels from the home team 's dugout were brought to the injured fan .
martin odegaard was named among the substitutes for the la liga win against almeria on wednesday night . the 16-year-old was expected to be given some minutes towards the end of the game if carlo ancelotti 's side were in a commanding lead against the relegation-threatened club . the norway international will become real madrid 's youngest player if he comes on .
lewis hamilton took time out from training ahead of the spanish grand prix next week to go cruising with his younger sibling . the mercedes driver rolled down to the beach and along one of la 's busiest freeways . nicolas , who raced in the renault clio cup in 2011 and 2012 , will become the first driver with a disability to compete in the british touring championship .
didier drogba has shown he and his team-mates still have the skill to disprove that disparaging tag . the blues are preparing for wednesday 's trip to leicester city at st george 's park , having drawn criticism for the way they ground out a decisive 0-0 draw against arsenal on sunday . manager jose mourinho shot back at claims that his side were boring this week .
robin van persie scored twice as manchester united beat fulham 4-1 . the holland striker has only just returned to the first-team picture . joe rothwell opened the scoring as united took a commanding first-half lead at craven cottage . wayne rooney doubled united 's lead shortly after half-time .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will wage violent combat . the fight is expected to earn at least $ 300million -lrb- # 195m -rrb- . tecate have paid $ 5.6 million to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the bout .
the bt sport industry awards take place in battersea on thursday . ap mccoy , jack wilshere and nathaniel clyne also turned out for the awards . the awards are held to celebrate and recognise the innovation , talent management and community investment brought through sport . the england midfielder was handed his award by gunners legend henry .
didier drogba scored the equaliser against leicester on wednesday . the chelsea forward hopes to inspire the next generation of footballers in africa to fall in love with the game . the 37-year-old hopes to follow in his heroes footsteps and visits the foundation regularly .
daniel sturridge was challenged to a dance-off by kop kids presenter paisley back in february . the pair shake hands before sitting down with the former chelsea man to ask him how important dancing and music is in his lift . the 25-year-old hinted that this move called ` feed the ducks ' could be his next celebration .
floyd mayweather posted a picture of a signed contract for his mega-fight against manny pacquiao two months ago . the venue for the bout , the 16,500-capacity mgm grand arena , has the following message on its website . the rest would be distributed by the fighters , promoters , promoters and promoters .
floyd mayweather is preparing to face manny pacquiao at the mgm grand on may 2 in las vegas . mayweather built a reputation on being brash and flash but was soft-spoken during his conference call . there was sympathy for freddie roach in his battle with parkinson 's disease .
manny pacquiao 's promoter bob arum has revealed that the contracts for the mega fight against floyd mayweather have yet to be signed . the pair finalising their preparations for the fight at the mgm grand on may 2 . arum claimed that the draft contract he received was not what he agreed with mayweather promotions and mgm when the term sheet was signed a few months ago .
scientists at the new jersey institute of technology have revealed the first high-resolution footage of a solar flux ` rope ' taking shape on the sun . they are essentially twisted bundles of magnetic field that extend out of and back into the surface across hundreds of kilometres . as common structures in the solar corona , they are thought to be the main cause of several types of solar weather - including solar flares and coronal mass ejections .
the fireball was captured on camera on sunday by the united kingdom meteor observing network -lrb- ukmon -rrb- in portadown , county armagh . footage shows it glowing brightly as it races northwards towards the irish sea . experts believe the bright light in the sky that blinded him for three days match accounts of the fireball .
car manufacturer claims it could provide a carbon neutral way of powering vehicles . experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as ` blue crude ' . audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of german minister of education and research dr johanna wanka .
goggles that could help the blind see have come a step closer to reality . the revolutionary system is being commercialised by french company pixium vision , with clinical trials scheduled for 2016 . when the patient puts on the system 's dark glasses , an integrated video camera sends images to a portable computer .
denim designer bettina liano has revealed that she can not afford to pay the australian taxation office the almost $ 130,000 she owes in taxes . ms liano is being pursued for $ 126,594 in taxes withheld between march and december 2012 . the sister of real housewives of melbourne 's gina last year relaunched her eponymous jeans label last year after going into liquidation in 2013 .
patrick priebe built a working iron man-style arm and hand that fires beams from the back of the wrist or from the wearer 's palm . he posts videos to youtube as anselmofanzero . his laser gloves and laser gauntlet/arm are available to order in varying wavelengths .
dutch firm walker created the robots for a show called ` peepshow ' . the dancers , which cost around # 2,500 to hire , were made out of old car parts and were designed by british artist giles walker . the robots will be pole dancing for the remaining four days of the event .
spring is in the air which means the football season has reached the business end of the campaign . sportsmail has produced a guide to let you know all the key positions in the top five leagues . manchester city , the gunners and manchester united are likely to join league champions chelsea in the champions league .
photographer jessica fulford-dobson took pictures of young girls skateboarding in dresses and skirts in kabul , afghanistan . in 2012 , many of the locals had never even heard of skateboarding . in fact , 40 per cent of the program 's students would be girls .
researchers subjected lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging to observe changes in their internal structure . copper inside melted , indicating temperatures of at least 1,085 °c -lrb- 1,985 °f -rrb- , and it caused molten material to stream from the vent . it was filmed by paul shearing from university college london . the findings are published in the journal nature communications .
nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california . the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees . it means that regular flaps are n't needed - and it is much lighter . in this image , the technology is visible at the flat ` flap at the base of the wing ' . the latest test of the technology took place above nasa 's armstrong flight research center in edwards .
indian doctors at kathmandu 's bir hospital told mail today that packets of ` beef masala ' were sent by pakistan as part of relief aid to the temblor survivors . these doctors are members of a 34-member medical team sent to nepal for treating the survivors .
britain 's intelligence agencies have been ordered to destroy information they got illegally by spying on confidential communications between sami al-saadi and his lawyer . gchq , the government 's listening post , unlawfully intercepted telephone calls and emails from the libyan dissident , it has been ruled .
the eshima ohashi bridge in japan rises sharply so ships can pass underneath . the concrete road bridge spans a mile across lake nakaumi , linking the cities of matsue and sakaiminato . it 's the third largest rigid frame bridge in the world , with a gradient of 6.1 per cent on the shimane prefecture side .
ian merrett , 28 , was accused of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling poppy smart , 23 , every day for a month . the builder and his colleagues whistled at her every day as she passed their worcester construction site . mr merrett admits it was probably him whistling but called miss smart a ` silly little girl ' who should never have gone to the police .
kellie maloney is one of the party 's most famous former candidates . she warned ukip supporters should vote tory to keep ed miliband and nicola sturgeon out of power . but she warned how other candidates have given the party a bad image . former boxing promoter has just undergone a full gender re-assignment .
researchers at stanford university school of medicine believe the laboratory-engineered antibodies could eradicate not only primary tumours . but also distant metastases that have spread through the body . findings have been hailed a ` tour de force ' , raising hopes the body 's immune system could be trained to attack melanoma , pancreatic , breast and lung cancer .
the incident occurred at the 91st floor of the 101-storey shanghai world financial centre . the platform swing violently in wind with the lujiazui financial district hundreds of metres below . at least two panes of glass cracked due to the force of the impact with shards falling on to the street below .
amanda oleander , 25 , is one of the stars of periscope , twitter 's new live broadcasting platform and has been ` loved ' over 7.5 million times in less than a month since it launched . branded the kim kardashian of the social platform , when the brunette starts a live stream , thousands of hearts flutter on to her screen .
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the fa youth cup final on monday . tammy abraham and dominic solanke are in the form of their young lives . the two 17-year-olds are currently competing in the play-off round . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
celtic are considering a second double raid on dundee united . the tannadice club sparked a row with supporters when they sold star duo stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven to the parkhead club . jackie mcnamara 's side have won just three of their 14 games since .
jimmy white 's bid to play in the world snooker championship ended on monday . white had defeated james wattana in his qualifying opener on saturday . the 52-year-old lost 10-8 to world no 30 selt in a tense battle . steve davis , 57 , was also knocked out as he slumped to a 10-1 defeat by kurt maflin .
more than 70 years ago these five men each played their own vital role in the normandy campaign that began with the d-day landings . until now their exploits have escaped the attention of historians , but yesterday these veterans of world war two stood proudly side by side . aged between 90 and 99 , they are among the first of 2,800 living veterans who will receive the legion of honour in the months to come .
manny pacquiao recorded his own song for when he takes to the ring for his fight with floyd mayweather . he is being pursued for # 33m in unpaid taxes but remains a twice-elected and popular congressman and if he ran for president would win by a landslide . each april , in cebu city , the battle of mactan is re-enacted , when philippine warrior datu lapu-lapu repelled the conquistador forces of mage
celtic face falkirk in the scottish cup final on may 30 in glasgow . the match will be played at the william hill cup final in may . supporters of other clubs believe celtic have had their share of favourable decisions down the years . the standard of refereeing remains an ongoing embarrassment .
british artist johanna basford created one of the first colouring books for grown-ups in 2013 . it has sold over 1.5 million copies and inspired a flurry of similar books . now , the 32-year-old 's second book enchanted forest has sold out within weeks of its release .
at least five women got into a large-scale brawl at a zara clothing store on friday afternoon . the fight broke out at a store location in the city 's rittenhouse square neighborhood . the women pulled hair , slapped , yanked each other 's clothes and knocked over store displays .
the reddit thread asked users to spill the beans on what ` surprised ' them the most when they started living with their spouses . one user described the process of ` ordering ' a bride from russia or the philippines , where thousands of women are desperate to start a new life for themselves in europe and the us .
manchester city play chelsea in the first leg of the fa youth cup final . the match kicks off at 7.45 pm and will be shown live on itv4 . city started their campaign with a 2-0 win over oxford united in the third round just before christmas .
chelsea took a commanding 3-1 lead back to west london . dominic solanke scored late on to put a gloss on the scoreline . tammy abraham smashes chelsea into the lead with a fierce drive into the top corner . soalnke 's killer christian haug could have levelled .
chelsea beat manchester city 3-1 in the fa youth cup final . tammy abraham scored the winner for the blues in the first leg . the blues have already been crowned kings of europe in the uefa youth league . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
didier drogba was exhausted and emotionally drained as he and john terry held each other up through a post-match flash interview . centre-forward is a demanding role in any team , let alone one of jose mourinho 's . ramires struck his effort with such power he had both feet off the ground at one point .
zachariah fike head of vermont-based purple hearts reunited , says the military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl. william benn . benn lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach . fike 's group recently received a $ 50,000 grant .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao fight in britain on saturday . viewers are being charged between $ 89.99 -lrb- # 59 -rrb- and $ 99.99 to watch the fight . once ticket sales and casino profits have been considered , the eagerly anticipated mega-fight will become the biggest pay-per-view in sport .
beijing international airport is launching the world 's biggest terminal to cope with the substantial increase . opening in 2018 , the gigantic terminal 1 will cover 700,000 square metres , and is set to handle 45million passengers a year . it is hoped to combine the rich chinese culture , with its impressive future on the worldwide stage .
bayern munich were crowned bundesliga champions for the third year running without even kicking a ball on sunday . wolfsburg knew only a victory against borussia moenchengladbach would keep their title dreams alive . the result means bayern have taken the title for a record 25th time .
heather mack , 19 , brutally killed sheila von wiese-mack with the help of her boyfriend in august . mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years , a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn . in contrast , australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran were executed on wednesday after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from bali to australia
floyd mayweather jnr has revealed her boss does have some weaknesses when it comes to food . quiana jeffries was brought into mayweather 's camp after driving through the night to impress him with a trial breakfast . a regimented diet is crucial to the champion 's training regime and mayweather demands organic produce .
brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , found herself locked out of her facebook account last week . for five days she received the same message every time she attempted to logged in . with no access to her contacts , photos and messages , happy cloud admits it was a difficult time as she typically posts five or six times a day .
two mistakes from rangers keeper robby mccrorie handed celtic the trophy for the fourth time in eight seasons at hampden . josh kerr took advantage when the scotland under-17 star came for a corner and missed it to put the hoops in front . rangers took the game to their opponents but early headers from aiden wilson ran past either post .
gloucester beat exeter to set up a challenge cup final against edinburgh . the cherry and whites delivered their most complete performance of the campaign to earn a place at the twickenham stoop . victory in the capital would also earn the west country side a home play-off spot for next season 's champions cup .
world snooker chairman barry hearn has ruled out awarding a season-long tour wild card to reanne evans . the 10-time winner of the ladies ' world championship saw her crucible dream ended by ken doherty after a tight clash on thursday . doherty led the calls for evans to be handed another chance on the main tour .
chelsea beat leicester city 2-1 at stamford bridge on sunday . john terry 's scrappy goal put chelsea on the brink of the premier league title . the blues boss was forced to give his players a half-time rollicking . mourinho described his side as ` phenomenal ' .
reanne evans is aiming to become the first woman to qualify for the world championship in sheffield this month . the 29-year-old has won 10 women 's world titles and plays irishman doherty at pond 's forge . evans will face former champion ken doherty in qualifying .
tests carried out in combination with chemotherapy drugs achieved almost complete remission in mice . each year in the uk around 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer and 11,000 die from the disease . the problem is caused by immune system ` b-cells ' that put a brake on the body 's defences in prostate and other cancers .
castello baronale , situated just 31 miles -lrb- 50km -rrb- from rome , towers 3,280 ft over sea level . includes nine en-suite bedrooms , a further two bedrooms in an adjacent apartment . historians will be enthralled by a further room dedicated to a collection of military armour and weaponry .
celtic face inverness in the scottish cup semi-final on sunday . ronny deila is preparing his celtic side for sunday 's clash . the former stromsgodset boss believes treble success will help not only attract players to the club this summer .
dita von teese will team up with burlesque teacher catherine d'lish to offer ranch guests a striptease workshop . canyon ranch is a luxury health resort in tucson , arizona , where dita will show guests treasured items from her personal collection of memorabilia .
john terry scored his side 's second goal in their 3-1 win away at leicester . the chelsea captain 's close-range effort took his tally for the season to seven in all competitions . terry 's goal return is better than edin dzeko and stevan jovetic .
australian artist ben quilty has penned an impassioned message to the indonesian president in the final hours before his treasured friends . myuran sukumaran and andrew chan , are expected to be executed in indonesia . the artist has repeatedly rejected pleas to spare the lives of the nine drug convicts on death row .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao on saturday will be his undefeated professional career on the line . the world boxing council in association with bwa -lrb- london -rrb- are launching a limited-edition jewellery range to mark the upcoming bout . fans will be able to buy one of the 1,000 18ct gold , diamond and emerald cufflinks to be made .
the king of the baize believes the whirlwind and doyenne of the women 's tour face tall orders to get through qualifying for the betfred world championship . evans saw her task made all the more intimidating when she was drawn to face ken doherty on thursday . white will tackle fellow veteran james wattana in his opener on saturday .
charlie davies-carr , 11 , is seen sitting with his baby brother charlie on his lap . now the pair , from buckinghamshire , have given an interview to children 's tv programme newsround to talk about the video that changed their lives . the video was originally filmed for the family to send to the brothers ' godfather who lives in america .
leigh griffiths scored his third goal of the afternoon against dundee united on sunday . the 24-year-old 's former coach at boys club leith athletic , says tam currie , his former coach , used to put himself around in the leith area . ` not that he was doing anything off limits , but i 've not spoken to him in a good while , ' says currie .
falkirk beat hibernian 1-0 in the scottish cup final at hampden park . craig sibbald headed in a blair alston cross to set up a meeting on may 30 with either inverness or celtic . the hibees were stunned in the 74th minute when fraser fyvie struck the post .
no matter whether you pay for first class , business or economy , sometimes the best part of a flight is enjoying the breathtaking views . colourful landscapes , snowcapped mountains and dazzling city skylines unfold below and passengers can sit back . british airways ' chief boeing pilot , captain al bridger , said : ` we get some spectacular views from the cockpit but many of these can be seen by everyone on board ' .
suzi cinalli outlines her six top tips to boost concentration . from cooing over cute pictures of pets , to indulging in a lunchtime yoga session ... massage your ` third eye ' massaging reflex points when you have a spare moment at your desk . apply pressure to this pressure point will boost memory and concentration .
the 0.01 per cent , booking holiday travel is a far different experience than it is for the rest of us . mailonline travel spoke to wedding and event planner sarah haywood , who has helped organise ceremonies and honeymoons for everyone from celebrities to fortune 500 businessmen . haywood reveals that she often works with these agencies , where she estimates that membership fees for such a service start at about # 50,000 .
manny pacquiao has become one of the most recognisable stars in the world of sport after a series of mega-fights . the filipino has been involved in some of the biggest bouts in the past decade or so . he spent the early part of his career boxing in the far east before being given his chance on the big stage in 2001 .
floyd mayweather will fight manny pacquiao in las vegas on saturday . the 21-year-old has been close friends for years and the performer has accompanied ` money ' into the ring on numerous occasions . bieber is joined by rapper lil wayne as they enter the ring before mayweather took on canelo alvarez in 2013 .
scottish football 's relationship with television has become a form of stockholm syndrome . no one is tied up in a basement , yet the lengths to which the spfl will go to show love to those broadcasters who hold a gun to their heads . the bbc puts in an estimated # 3m a year for sportscene highlights and radio commentaries .
jeff powell looks ahead to saturday 's mega-fight at the mgm grand . both boxers made public appearances on tuesday as their $ 300million showdown draws ever closer . powell reflects on the pair 's arrivals on the las vegas strip and looks forward to the rest of the week .
celtic beat aberdeen 3-0 in the scottish premiership on sunday . stefan johansen shared the players ' player of the year award with captain scott brown but stood alone as the choice of the supporters . the 24-year-old could have another championship medal to boot .
reanne evans beat ken doherty 5-4 at the interval of their world championship qualifier in sheffield . the match will be played to a conclusion when it resumes on thursday evening . in total , 128 players are involved in qualifying , including legendary names steve davis and jimmy white .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are into the final few days of their preparation at camp ahead of their monumental bout on saturday . the filipino star uprooted on monday night as he and his team took a 270-mile drive on board his own bus . roach 's star fighter will be hoping a change of scenery wo n't affect his preparations against mayweather .
lombardy side of lake garda , in northern italy , lies a luxury villa with a view - just several miles north of brescia . for $ 18 million -lrb- about # 13 million -rrb- it can all be yours , but also a large deck with plenty of space for sun beds , gazebos and al fresco dining spots .
chelsea are set to announce the # 4.5 m signing of nathan allan de souza . the brazilian midfielder turned 19 last month . nathan will add to the samba feel at stamford bridge . he will join compatriots willian , ramires , filipe luis and oscar .
judy murray , 55 , does n't play tennis to stay in shape , ` because my life is saturated with it ' . she tries anything from dancing , to pilates , to walking in the hills or gardening . keep legs together and lift your feet so your lower legs are parallel to the floor .
the unnamed couple are subsequently suing the novella 's author , who released it under the pen name lacey noonan , as well as distributors apple , amazon.com and barnes & noble . the fan fiction , which is $ 2.51 on kindle , is about a housewife 's infatuation with new england patriots tight end rob ` gronk ' gronkowski . it enjoyed some viral success following its release , which coincided with the superbowl .
floyd mayweather is selling t-shirts with a philippines flag in the background . the pacman is the happiest soul in las vegas , smiling , cracking jokes , bidding everyone welcome . pacquiao also tells the leader of the money team : ` welcome to the manny team ' .
the rust belt straddles the upper northeastern us , the great lakes , and the midwest states , while the coal region is found in northeastern pennsylvania and the spine of the appalachian mountains . the map revealed that clusters of racism appeared in areas of the gulf coast , michigan 's upper peninsula , and a large portion of ohio .
georgia davis , 22 , has been lifted from her home in aberdare , south wales . at the height of the operation , neighbours said there were 12 fire , police and ambulance vehicles at the property . it is the second time ms davis has had to be rescued in such a way .
andrew chan , then 21 , and myuran sukumaran , 24 , were caught trying to smuggle more than eight kilograms of heroin out of indonesia . the ringleaders of the infamous bali nine were both attracted to drug smuggling by the promised riches . thirteen years since their fateful first meeting , after all their legal appeals and pleas for clemency have been rejected . the masterminds behind the $ 4 million drug plot from the very beginning , the death penalty has never left
amal clooney held a press conference in washington dc today calling for the release of imprisoned former president of maldives mohamed nasheed . nasheed , the indian ocean archipelago 's first democratically elected leader who came to power in 2008 , was convicted under tough anti-terror laws last month . mrs clooney wore a navy blue pants suit paired with a plain white blouse beneath her single-button jacket .
the riot erupted in february 2012 when supporters of home team al-masry - from the canal city of port said - and cairo 's al-ahly clashed after an egyptian league match . an appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court 's verdict , which sentenced 21 people to death . eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today , with their verdicts referred to egypt 's supreme court , the grand muft
alexander meier has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury . meier tops the bundesliga with 19 goals , ahead of arjen robben and robert lewandowski . the poland striker is also out with an injury and could win the scorers ' title for the second year running .
emir spahic has been released by bayer leverkusen after being involved in a brawl . the bosnian international was filmed fighting the club 's security personnel after they refused to allow his friends entry inside the locker room area . bayern won the german cup quarterfinal match on penalties .
bayern munich beat eintracht frankfurt 3-0 in their bundesliga clash . robert lewandowski boosted his chances of winning the golden boot award at the end of his first season with bayern . thomas muller added a third , with few doubts from start to finish that they would pick up all three points once again .
gloriavale , a new zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict new testament creed and wears blue uniforms . several ex-members have come forward , telling stories of sexual abuse , violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls . miracle escaped gloriavale with her family around six years ago .
the nuclear spectroscopic telescope array , or nustar , has captured a new high-energy x-ray view -lrb- magenta -rrb- of the bustling center of our galaxy . stars more than eight times the mass of our sun will explode in a supernova , leaving behind a neutron star or black hole . smaller stars , though , will shed their outer layers and leave behind a hot dense core -- known as a white dwarf .
liris crosse , 32 , from maryland , is dubbed the body and the naomi campbell of plus-size modelling world . the size 18 model proved her doubters wrong and how she 's hoping to take the uk by storm . liris , who grew up in baltimore , shares her candid journey to the top with femail .
sam allardyce says he would have no problem with sneaking through the ` back door ' into european football via the fair play league . the hammers started the season strongly and looked a good bet for qualification around christmas before their form fell away . if west ham finish top of the pile , they will earn a europa league place .
morgan schneiderlin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury . tottenham are weighing up a bid for the 25-year-old , who has two years left on his # 30,000-a-week contract . southampton manager ronald koeman has admitted that the midfielder may have played his last game for the club .
morgan schneiderlin opened the scoring with his first barclays premier league goal since september . saints missed the chance to close the gap on fourth-placed manchester city to two points as they went down to a 2-1 defeat at stoke . ronald koeman was loathe to criticise his goalkeeper after the match .
ray parlour believes arsenal moving for petr cech would be a ` no brainer ' . the former gunners midfielder is likely to be watching from the substitutes bench when arsenal face chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . cech has made just four league starts this season for the blues .
rapper 50 cent may have publicly criticised the crude manner adrien broner chose to rejection a contract offer by fledgling boxing promoter jay z . the pair were watching the premier boxing champions primetime tv event featuring danny garcia swift and lamont peterson and irish andy lee against peter quillan . broner called garcia out for a september fight after ` swift ' kept his unbeaten record in tact with a win over peterson with a controversial majority decision .
andre schurrle and mario gotze were joined by partners montana yorke and ann-kathrin broemmel as the foursome posed for a picture that was later posted on instagram . the pair attended a charity ball to raise money for hamburg children 's hospital .
zlatan ibrahimovic has had a search engine website created in his honour . the website has an identical style to google with users given the option to ` zlatan search ' or ` i 'm feeling zlat ' in a house style that is identical to google . it must be said though that website is neither affiliated with the paris saint-germain no 10 nor google .
police officer annette brook told jurors in the trial of gunman james holmes . brook and two other officers as witnesses on wednesday , and their descriptions of the chaos of inside the suburban denver theater intensified the already disturbing scene . holmes is charged with multiple counts of murder and attempted murder . he admits he was the shooter , his defense attorneys say , but schizophrenia had taken control of his mind and compelled him to kill .
the mother-of-two was walking towards her car at about 5:45 p.m. when ann charle allegedly pulled out a gun and ordered her into her honda . spruill , who was also naked , allegedly chased after her and shot her three times - in the head and in her chest . the 39-year-old lived at the 108-bed center from last june until january .
torin lakeman , 19 , and brother jacques , 20 , died in a pub in manchester . they had bough from an anonymous dealer via the ` dark web ' . the brothers , both from the isle of man , were found dead in a room above the grapes pub in bolton on 1st december last year . coroner alan walsh said it was unacceptable that ` intellectual people are able to access drugs in this way ' .
steve simonsen served a one-game ban after he admitted breaking sfa 's zero-tolerance gambling rules by betting on a total of 50 games in a year . the scottish fa have failed in their attempt to further punish rangers ' goalkeeper . sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan challenged that decision .
lucian faggiano bought the building in lecce , puglia in the south of italy and had planned to turn it into a trattoria . but renovations were put on hold when he discovered a toilet on the site was blocked . while attempting to fix the toilet he dug into a messapian tomb built 2,000 years ago , a roman granary , a franciscan chapel , and even etchings thought to be made by the knights templar
the move marks a radical shift in strategy for the world 's biggest software company , which still dominates the personal computer market . microsoft hopes to lure more people to use its new windows 10 software by making it easy to use many of the same apps they 're already using on apple or android phones .
samsung sold 82.4 m smartphones in the first three months of the year , for a 24.5 percent market share . however , samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iphones , squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier .
some owners of the apple watch have found that it malfunctions if worn on tattooed wrists . dark , vibrant ink seems to cause the watch 's heart rate monitor to lose connection and give inaccurate readings . this is required every time the device detects it has left a wearer 's wrist . tests suggest that tattoos in dark and solid colours interfere with the device the most .
the bruno smartcan is said to be the first internet connected combined kitchen bin and vacuum cleaner . using sensors on the front of the bin , it is able to sense when dust and debris from the kitchen floor is swept towards it with a brush . it also has an integrated bag store and charging cord to send reminders when it is time to take out the rubbish .
adidas go , the songs are additionally selected based on the runner 's musical interests and listening history . these selections become more relevant the more the app is used . once installed the app uses the phone 's accelerometer to track the user 's stride , it then searches for songs in the spotify library with matching beats per minute .
the american chemical society in washington explained the science behind the avengers in a video . it looks at the composition of iron man 's suit - said to be a gold-titanium alloy in one of the movies - and captain america 's shield . it begins looking at tony stark , better known as iron man when he dons his iron suit of armour .
the automated planet finder -lrb- apf -rrb- consists of a 2.4-metre automated telescope and enclosure , and a high-resolution spectrograph . it takes starlight from the telescope and spreads it into a rainbow of colours , splitting the light into a spectrum of thousands of different wavelengths that can be measured . apf observes them every night for months , in search of rocky planets with very low masses , similar to earth .
cassini was around 38,500 miles -lrb- 62,000 km -rrb- from hyperion when the image was taken . it is one of the largest bodies in the solar system known to be so irregular . its odd , almost ` bubbly ' appearance , can be attributed to it having a very low density for its size .
david beckham 's 40th birthday is on saturday , 2 may and reports state that he is to hold his celebrations at the five-star luxury amanjena resort . set within an oasis of palms and olive trees , moorish heritage is reflected throughout the pisé-walled resort . it is not the first time the beckhams have stayed at the resort , with victoria and david renewing their vows there during a romantic getaway in 2004 .
the ancient inca city featured on bucket lists the world over . last year 1.1 million people reached its dizzying peak . entry to the site will be moved to a visitor and orientation centre . time limits will be imposed to keep traffic flowing . the project is set to cost around # 28.5 million .
the fight broke out on the oman air flight 102 to muscat after one man decided to move seats because the plane was n't full . a fellow passenger objected to the man moving near to him and a row broke out . one man was taken away for questioning by police after being involved in a fight with another passenger .
protecting the fa cup prize money is the biggest reason the fa is prepared to give away what amounts to almost title sponsorship of the tournament to emirates airlines . the figures range from # 1,150 for winning the extra preliminary round through to the # 1.8 million either aston villa or arsenal -- on a par with the wimbledon singles champions -- will receive for lifting the trophy on may 30 .
james whitaker 's position has looked untenable in any case since paul downton was axed as managing director of england cricket . the champions are furious that of their six players in the caribbean , four -- adam lyth , adil rashid , liam plunkett and jonny bairstow have been on the sidelines throughout the test series .
england 's top three are exceptional players but the issue is that they are very one-paced and when the west indies bowling was so disciplined , that became a problem on the first morning of the first test . but now i appreciate the need to entertain as well and the way the top three go about things might become a bit monotonous . joe root and ian bell put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket on day one in antigua .
daniel levy is planning a new transfer policy for the club that centres on resale value . spurs sold forward gareth bale to real madrid in 2013 for a world-record # 85 million transfer fee . the moment they started to sell again came when luka modric played for them .
the house judiciary committee on thursday overwhelmingly passed the latest version of a bill known as the usa freedom act by a bipartisan vote of 25 to 2 . the measure seeks to codify president barack obama 's proposal to end the nsa 's collection of domestic calling records . it would allow the agency to request certain records held by the telephone companies under a court order in terrorism investigations .
the blood of an adult woman before menopause actually contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen , the supposedly ` female ' hormone . it 's as a metaphor for masculinity that testosterone is best known . it begins its influence in the womb as it helps to shape the distinctive characteristics of the male body .
mark vanhoenacker has acquired a morbid flavour since germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashed into the french alps by its troubled co-pilot andreas lubitz . the senior first officer with british airways , who wants us simply to understand his passion for his job , and to share with us many of its more beguiling secrets .
angelika graswald , 35 , has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of 46-year-old vincent viafore . viafore , also of poughkeepsie , was kayaking on the hudson river april 19 when his vessel flipped over near the town of cornwall-on-hudson . police have yet to find viafore 's body .
john barnes and jamie redknapp teamed up to perform a rendition of the sugarhill gang classic rapper 's delight for sky 's upcoming series of a league of their own . the pair played together at liverpool for six years between 1991 and 1997 . barnes was supported by backing dancers as he dazzled the crowd .
chelsea beat chelsea 5-3 in a head-to-head challenge for the car manufacturers . eden hazard and nathan ake took on blues ' team-mates loic remy and willian . the players must play over the top of a convertible audi from long range .
a video of keane 's car karaoke effort was posted on facebook . the video was apparently filmed during la galaxy 's day off . keane is a noted fan of the galaxy and regard keane as a friend from the irishman 's days in the premier league where he lead the line most notably for tottenham , liverpool and leeds .
peter schmeichel and his bayern munich counterpart oliver kahn have come face-to-face once more - this time as actors . in a move that is akin to former footballers vinnie jones and eric cantona , the pair showcase their performance skills by starring in tipico 's latest advert .
britain 's busiest interchange station in south-west london was stranded for up to five hours . firefighters used a ladder to help passengers get to safety after some 1,200 people were stuck on the east grinstead to victoria train a quarter of a mile south of clapham junction .
mixed martial arts fighter anderson silva says he will fight for a spot in the brazilian taekwondo team at the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro . the former ufc champion said he is ` trying to give back to the sport ' in which he began his career .
eugenie bouchard beat lauren davis 6-3 , 6-1 at the family circle cup . davis won nine of the final 11 games of the match . the 21-year-old had struggled in the lead-up to the charlston green-clay event .
this got femail thinking about how many child stars have grown into stunning adults . zac efron 's baby blues peeped out at from beneath his sweeping fringe as he serenaded us in high school musical . the obvious exceptions are ryan gosling - and justin timberlake .
nasa has released an image taken by the probe 's visual and infrared spectrometer to reveal distinct features . to highlight the geological features , the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the mercury dual imaging system -lrb- mdis -rrb- . this is an instrument with wide - and narrow-angle cameras that has been mapping the rugged landforms on mercury 's surface . the event will take place on thursday 30 april at 3:30 pm
researchers from the university of connecticut warned animals in regions where shrinking habitats and barriers to migration compound the problem are most at risk . the extinction risk would increase from 2.8 to 5.2 per cent . if global warming maintains its current trajectory and a 4.3 degree increase , that could increase to 16 per cent , he said .
instagram rolled out its latest update that lets users create and search for hashtags using emoji . the anomaly was discovered by katie notopoulos from buzzfeed . hashtags can now be used with single emoji , multiple emoji or can be combined with text in post , comments , captions and when using the explore tab .
scientists have discovered a new species of extinct pygmy sperm whale , called nanokogia isthmia , which clarifies key aspects of the evolution of these animals . the well-preserved skulls of two individuals were unearthed at a sea cliff along the caribbean coast of panama . the remains indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale 's evolution .
neuroscientists have succeeded in creating ` ghosts ' in the laboratory . the spooky experiment conjured up a ghostly illusion in the room . the invisible , creepy presence reported by so many people over the centuries is just a set of mixed-up signals in the brain , the researchers say .
jimmy anderson edged closer to sir ian botham 's record for england 's leading wicket-taker in tests . it is to his credit that he knows his own mind . there have been a lot of english cricketers over the years who need telling what to do but jimmy is stubborn .
jose mourinho has warned players and fans to concentrate on first beating crystal palace before celebrating . the premier league had agreed to a request from the bbc to film the trophy at stamford bridge to help with their programme preparation in advance of chelsea 's two games this week .
bath produced a ferocious bonus point victory over newcastle . sam burgess made his first premiership start at number six . despite making a few handling errors , impressed in his new position . bath went for it from the start and were rewarded with three first-half tries and a fourth early in the second period as they recorded a 29-19 victory .
sam burgess has been selected in the back row as bath seek to bounce back from the end of their european dream by defeating newcastle on friday night . the former rugby league star has spent the vast majority of his fledgling union career at inside or outside centre . mike ford will examine his credentials at blindside flanker in the aviva premiership showdown at kingston park .
bath beat leinster 2-1 at the aviva stadium in dublin . george ford scored the only score of the game in the first half . the england no 10 's solo-try was the only goal that the west country outfit managed to register in the last four .
sally cox , 39 , stopped her son jed pearce , 10 , from going on the trip . she said she ` does n't want to put her son at risk of being shot ' . schoolchildren were due to travel 68 miles to visit mosque in exeter . but about 10 pupils have now pulled out of next week 's school trip after parents said they would be exposed to ` violence and guns ' .
nancy perry will no longer teach students at dublin middle school and will retire at the end of the year . perry is alleged to have told students that obama is a muslim and that any parent who support him could n't be christian . a 12-year-old boy in perry 's class brought the matter to the attention of his father , jimmie scott , who complained to the school .
perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria said women should never say no to their husbands - and claimed marital rape was ` made up ' by europeans . her right to say no , he asserted , was lost the moment her father handed her to her new husband .
microsoft 's app , how old do i look , allows people to analyse any image found on bing , microsoft 's search engine , or upload their own . it even allows users to search for celebrities - and see what microsoft thinks their real ages are . the site was able to accurately guess kim kardashian 's age as 34 , but thought 37-year-old kanye west was actually 38 .
sarah jewell , 25 , was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had ` died ' . jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that ` everything 's taken care of ' . her benefits and even her job as a licensed pharmacy technician could be in jeopardy if the problem is n't fixed .
laura robson shared a photo on instagram of her at tortuga festival . the 21-year-old has been stepping up her attempts at getting back on the tennis court after a lengthy absence . she has not played since due to a left wrist problem and is now nearing a return .
the idea is borrowed from the 2004 adam sandler film 50 first dates . drew barrymore 's character suffers a brain injury and memory loss . relatives are encouraged to take part to say good morning , use memory-triggering personal anecdotes and remind their loved ones that care home staff will be helping them get dressed and ready for the day .
james corden posted a picture on thursday alongside former england captain david beckham and new york giants ' nfl hotshot odell beckham jnr . corden was all smiles as he posed in between the duo . the 36-year-old is currently filming late-night talk show late late late in the states .
manny pacquiao wrote and recorded lalaban ako para sa filipino for his walk-out music for the richest fight of all time against floyd mayweather . kimmel 's appreciation of the song , an earnest work dedicated to the philippines ' fellow filipinos and with footage after the devastating typhoon haiyan appeared tongue in cheek .
frank lampard made a return to chelsea as he walked down king 's road . the 36-year-old has scored seven goals in 32 appearances for manchester city on loan this season . lampard will be joining his parent club in july after signing a two-year deal with the mls side .
quinton ` rampage ' jackson returns to the ufc after two years with bellator when he takes on fabio maldonado in montreal on saturday night . the former light-heavyweight champion has been through a stressful fight to make ufc comeback . jackson was permitted to feature at ufc 186 .
the image , together with data collected by nasa , suggests these structures only have three million years left before they fade away . the jutting structures , along with the nearby star cluster , ngc 6611 , are parts of a star formation region called the eagle nebula , also known as messier 16 or m16 .
jeff bezos ' blue origin company has completed a successful spaceflight test in west texas . the new shepard vehicle rose to a height of 58 miles -lrb- 94km -rrb- - four miles short of space - before landing . it was unmanned , but will ultimately take six people into space . the test took place from the company 's launch site in texas , and includes a crew capsule carrying six astronauts atop a separate rocket-powered propulsion module .
researchers from the university of patras took thermal infrared photographs of 41 volunteers ' faces , before and after drinking four glasses of wine . they then used artificial neural networks to compare the sober and drunken images of the radiation , where warm areas are shown red and cooler areas , blue , for example . many people feel warmer and have hot flushes after drinking alcohol .
stuart broad was dismissed for a duck in england 's first innings against west indies in antigua . broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece which is pretty good considering he 's been carrying niggles and injuries . the 28-year-old has always had the ability to get something out of a flat pitch .
former leeds captain trevor cherry has branded the six players a ` disgrace ' . mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london . antenucci and canu declared themselves unfit after training on thursday .
steve morison admits he has never experienced anything like the current circus surrounding the skybet championship side . six players - mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro , marco silvestri , souleymane doukara and edgar cani - withdrew from the squad on the eve of saturday 's trip to charlton . this is the latest incident in another turbulent period at elland road .
photos of christina o'gorman posing for her father have been revealed as some of the earliest colour photographs ever taken . the images are part of the royal photographic society , held at the national media museum , bradford . they are among a collection of the world 's oldest surviving photographs .
lindsay sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year . australians andrew chan , 31 , and myuran sukumaran , 33 , were executed by an indonesian firing squad . an ambulance carrying the coffin of one of eight executed drug convicts seen as it exits nusakambangan port .
italian quartet mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured . cani 's deal was set-up by the italian before he was banned by the football league for failing its owners and directors test .
hull city are keen on signing leeds midfielder alex mowatt . the 20-year-old has impressed this season scoring nine goals . steve bruce is keen to bolster the amount of homegrown talent in his squad . click here for all the latest leeds united news with our live updates .
thirty years after the bradford city fire which killed 56 football supporters , a new book written by a survivor of the disaster claims it was not an accident . author martin fletcher points the finger at the late stafford heginbotham and a businessman who had been linked to eight previous blazes .
dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain . the 23-year-old slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead . dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years and breathed further momentum into their push for a top-six place .
chad hurst of salt lake city , utah , says he pulled the man aside after their flight from denver , colorado had landed on sunday . the young man , who was carrying a skateboard , sucker punched hurst in the stomach . hurst then calmly proceeded to grab the man by the shoulder , bring him to the ground , put his hands behind his back and get on top of him until police arrived .
a high-level ministerial briefing exclusively obtained by daily mail australia reveals an ` unprecedented ' number of australians could face the death penalty in china . the revelation follows widespread public anger at indonesia 's executions of myuran sukumaran and and andrew chan despite the pleas of the federal government . one of the few known to be facing death row in sydney had his case pushed forward by six months .
the footage was captured on camera in saudi arabia by mohammed mohsen . it shows the sandstorm sweeping into the area in which he stands at a staggering speed . strong winds are believed to have caused the disruption , which resulted in nearby dubai 's skyline almost disappearing .
jennifer saunders , who wrote and starred in the series , confirmed the cast will begin filming in the autumn . she revealed that joanna lumley had told her to ` do it before we die ' . the film will be based in london , with some scenes in the south of france , or in the bahamas if the budget allows .
research for trade magazine the grocer found that just 32 per cent of uk consumers have heard of campylobacter germs . many people are still ignorant of the dangers of eating chicken despite campaigns to highlight risks , a report says . more than one in three heard of the uk 's biggest cause of food poisoning .
aliesha peterson , 22 , detailed the extensive fitness routine that helped her go from 145lbs to 127lbs . the alberta , canada , resident to gain a noticeably fitter , and much more muscular , physique , as well as an impressive six-pack . aliesha was n't always a fan of working out - and explained that she did n't start hitting the gym to look better in a bikini .
traces for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- have revealed that the controversial posters around the london underground are being removed . the sight of the 24-year-old 's toned figure towering above train platforms has caused a stir among feminists and body image campaigners . the advertising standards authority has also received more than 200 complaints from people saying that the adverts promote an unhealthy body image .
the fa are understood to have secured a three-year contract with emirates airlines . the deal , due to be rubber-stamped by the fa board on thursday , is believed to be worth at least # 10million a year . the hunt proved difficult after the fa revamped their sponsorship team to bring in expertise honed at manchester united .
arsenal signed the biggest club sponsorship agreement in english football history in 2004 after signing a 15-year deal worth # 100million . the agreement provided emirates with naming rights to arsenal 's 60,000 seat stadium and a place on the club 's shirt . arsenal won the fa cup last season 's competition , which will be rebranded as football 's oldest knockout competition .
michael bisping is bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career . the manchester middleweight takes on dollaway in montreal on saturday night . bisp is open to fighting again in glasgow this july , five years since he last fought in the uk .
andrei arshavin is set to be released by russian league leaders zenit st petersburg at the end of the season . the former chelsea and tottenham manager said the club are not holding talks to extend the contracts of the pair , whose current deals expire in the summer .
yoshinori muto has been linked with a move to chelsea this summer . the 22-year-old is keen to join a club where he will play regularly . real zaragoza boss ranko popovic gave muto his debut for fc tokyo in july 2013 .
carl frampton has been offered a huge # 1.5 million payday to face scott quigg in one of the biggest all-british fights in recent memory . quigg 's promoter , eddie hearn , attempted to jolt frampton 's camp into a july 18 fight in manchester by offering the biggest cheque of the northern irishman 's career to date . frampton will accept the terms , having released their own statement to demand further talks .
alastair cook and jonathan trott head out to open england 's second innings against west indies . trott will have played all sorts of mind games with himself ahead of this game . the trott i remember was almost jacques kallis-like in how still he was .
england manager charlie austin is yet to receive an international call-up despite scoring 17 premier league goals for qpr . austin scored in qpr 's 3-3 draw with fellow premier league strugglers aston villa on tuesday night . critics will say it is because he now plays for a fashionable club .
chris hardman , 24 , died on march 23 in his hometown of lowestoft . suffolk coroner peter dean told inquest that friend aj sutton later identified the body . mr hardman 's family said he was ' a huge personality who will be missed by everyone who knew him ' .
amanda holden , 44 , spoke for the june issue ofgood housekeeping . mother-of-two talks about how it was therapy that saved her after she lost one child and nearly died after having another . holden was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- and the britain 's got talent judge initially struggled to cope with the trauma .
michelle filkins , 44 , of west wareham has been charged with breaking and entering , larceny over $ 250 , and malicious destruction of property . she was discovered at the court street property in edgartown by owner mark conklin on april 17 . when police arrived , they discovered a large glass window to the left side of the front door had been broken and covered by a blanket .
khloe kardashian posted a photo to instagram on monday night . the 30-year-old reality tv star then deleted the message ` pray for baltimore ' . more than 400,000 followers liked the photo , now deleted . some critics accused her of insincerity , and still more aired racist feelings .
disgraced nbc anchor brian williams has threatened to make his departure from the channel ` really ugly ' , it has been reported . it comes after it emerged he repeatedly told a false story about being aboard a military helicopter hit by an rpg over iraq . he was suspended in february with no pay for six months .
angel di maria has a new no 7 tattoo which stands out among others on his left arm . the 27-year-old has been linked with a move away from old trafford as a result . united 's club record # 60million signing of course adorns the no 7 shirt at the red devils .
jean-honoré fragonard 's 18th-century work young woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica produced in china . it has hung in among 270 old master paintings since february 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to ` spot the fake ' . three months on , the gallery has revealed that only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly .
alistair brownlee won on his world triathlon series return in cape town . the 27-year-old missed the first three events of the season due to an ankle injury . brownlee 's brother jonny missed the event to concentrate on the upcoming triathlon test event in rio .
tiger woods stormed the course at augusta en route to his first victory at the masters in 1997 . the 21-year-old stormed to a final round of 70 to cap off an incredible few days on the georgia course . spieth grew up the oldest of three siblings to shawn and chris spieth .
jimmy anderson took a record 384th test wicket for england against the west indies on friday night . the 32-year-old is congratulated by his england team-mates following the dismissal of denesh ramdin . botham had huge self-belief as a player and still has an aura about him now .
louis van gaal is among those in the running for manager of the year . the romantics will pick sean dyche or ronald koeman , the statistics lovers will go for jose mourinho or , at a push , arsene wenger . the dutch doctor has n't just stuck plasters over the wounds .
noel gallagher says there is ` apathy ' towards the champions league . city have nine points fewer than they did at this stage last season . pellegrini 's calm was needed after roberto mancini reign ended with a fractured dressing room and an fa cup final defeat at wigan athletic .
jamie vardy scored their late winner to keep their survival hopes alive . leicester city striker vardy was being criticised two years ago at leicester but now is a pivotal part of their team . vardy has had to fight for his place on the left this season . the foxes are currently bottom of the premier league .
mauro vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half as barnet defeated gateshead 2-0 in the conference clash . barnet manager martin allen 's fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful . bristol rovers would have taken barnet 's place .
some clubs celebrate titles with an all-expenses paid trip to las vegas . others opt for dubai as for martin allen and barnet , they will land in benidorm on wednesday afternoon as conference champions . bristol rovers ended their season with a 7-0 humiliation of alfreton town with six different players on the score-sheet .
the rapper and producer placed a $ 250,000 bet with hollywood actor and friend mark wahlberg that ` money ' mayweather will come out on top . in the video posted to instagram , diddy originally suggests a $ 100,000 wager before being raised by the rapper . the duo agree to the wager in front of a swimming pool .
hulk recently signed a new long-term deal at zenit until the end of the 2018-19 season . the brazil international was pictured dressing up as the aforementioned superhero at the premiere of the avengers : age of ultron movie . the 28-year-old acquired his nickname due to his likeness to the actor lou ferrigno who played the incredible hulk in the 1970s .
demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight title with a win over kyoji horiguchi in montreal on saturday . the american secured a submission victory in the latest ufc pay-per-view event . johnson simply took over in the second round , showing the wide range of skills that have earned him recognition as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters .
monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in turin last week . dimitar berbatov and co were put through their paces ahead of the clash at stade louis ii on wednesday . the french club are geared up for the second leg of their champions league quarter-final against juventus .
toni duggan says england will fear nobody at this summer 's world cup . england have never progressed beyond the quarter-finals in their three previous world cup appearances . duggan is convinced mark sampson 's team can go further this time . the manchester city striker has 11 goals in 16 games for her country .
tottenham are tracking dynamo kiev forward andriy yarmolenko . the ukrainian forward is emerging as a realistic target for the white hart lane club . tottenham have watched the 25-year-old extensively in recent weeks . mauricio pochettino is already looking at targets to improve his squad .
paris saint-germain have held initial discussions over a possible move for andriy yarmolenko . the ukraine flyer tormented everton in their europa league tie last month . psg are weighing up options with manchester united refusing to budge on angel di maria .
tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen has warned tottenham they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on europa league . spurs are sixth in the premier league , which would bring european qualification , but there has been talk in the past that europe 's second-tier competition does them more harm than good .
alastair cook has been working on a new , more open stance with former england batting coach graham gooch over the past few months . the picture below shows cook playing against india at lord 's in 2007 -- when he was playing well -- with a near perfect stance . he does n't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself .
tiger woods found a root at full pelt on his follow through . he dropped his club like a red-hot poker , face creased with pain . woods did not find a solitary preferred landing area until the 13th . he spent so much time in the trees he should have been fitted with a lumberjack shirt .
the 22-year-old has been left out of the squad for this weekend 's game with metz . marseille are already resigned to losing andre ayew and and andre-pierre gignac with english sides keen on both . tottenham have held further talks with the ligue 1 side .
hugo lloris has established himself as one of the premier league 's top keepers with some fine displays . spurs are determined to keep their no 1 at white hart lane and will put a # 35million price tag on his head . united are considering a move for the frenchman as fears grow over a david de gea 's future .
scientists from reading university found uht longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral . because milk is the main source of iodine in the british diet , providing 40 per cent of the average daily intake -- switching to organic may have a significant impact on health , they warn .
osman yaya , 12 , from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , was moderating a town hall event when the president started getting a little long-winded . obama had been talking about the topic for more than three minutes when yahya politely intervened after shifting nerviously in his seat .
mazzy , who suffers from spina bifida , was on board a southwest airlines flight over the us when the entire airplane sang her happy birthday . mom brein bjorson marzano was flying with mazzy and her other daughter birkly from tampa to pittsburgh on their way home from vacation .
the 15-month-old girl arches her back and pushes out her belly . her father also mimics the mum 's pregnant walk in the background . clip begins with mum , american teri o'neil , 30 , asking olivia : ` how does mama walk ? ' .
the uber driver was filmed by passengers as he sang along to a radio broadcast while driving in boston , america . at first the driver lets the radio take command and pavarotti 's distinctive voice can be heard from within side the cab . he then begins singing along to the song both in tune and word perfectly .
the incident took place in olani village , in central india . it was recorded by terrified villagers from the relative safety of hut rooftops . to try and protect his fellow villagers , the fearless ward ran towards the leopard brandishing the weapon . he managed to strike the big cat on the head twice before it retaliated , dumping the ward to the ground .
baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet . he climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself . viewers ' reactions of the video has been viewed more than 16,400,000 times .
liam sandham has gone viral with a work place prank that involves burning his unsuspecting friend in a van . capturing the video from his camera phone , the plasterer initially films himself and the vehicle 's wing mirror through a magnifying glass . the video concludes with the victim asking what it was that caused him the pain .
bailey murrill , of denton , texas , had been paralyzed for 11 days . she had regained feeling and movement in her legs and when her favorite nurse came on shift decided to surprise her by getting up out of her chair . the child 's nurse says : ' i told you , just keep that faith ' .
the clip was created by the make it fair project . it presents a string of statistics that highlight the disproportionate presence that men have in influential industries like hollywood , which means that , more often than not , males hold 70 to 95 per cent of the industry 's most important positions . the women sing in a tongue-in-cheek refrain that repeats throughout the psa .
the video was released to celebrate australian and us mother 's day . it has so far been viewed 2.8 million times , and has even attracted the attention of celebrities . the uk already celebrated their holiday on may 10 , also called mothering sunday , and the us in may .
the video was uploaded to youtube last week by raymond yeung . it claims it was captured in the shenzhen reservoir in china 's sand bay . some users claim it depicts a ` water monster ' from chinese folklore . others claim it is a diseased malaysian bear .
harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy videoed themselves descending dunedin 's baldwin street on their trikes . the short clip opens with a warning message , before the riders take their position at the top of the hill , famed for its 35 per cent gradient . after a quick thumbs up , the video is captured on a helmet camera .
shibu inu was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion . captured on video , the puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers and one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound . as the dogs continue to converse , the video maker asks with a giggle : ` what is that noise ? ' .
tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon . but at a track meet saturday , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate . simon 's time , 8:57.86 , exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds .
carol bennett-chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases . but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free .
a woman in china showed her strength by using her legs to lift a group of people . placed across her outstretched legs is a plank of wood and clinging to either side of it are two women who are about to become human weights . three men stand and assist the women before stepping back and preparing to enjoy the show .
german shepherd was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while lying on the couch . footage shows his head slowly dipping down before he suddenly wakes up and refocuses his energy on the screen . some smooth jazz plays away after being dubbed over the final video edit .
baron the german shepherd was filmed as he helped get the dishes done at home in california . once he 's put an item in the machine , baron patiently waits for another to be rinsed by his owner . he then gets back up on his back legs to collect his next load .
selfie sticks and extreme sports are not designed to go together . while enjoying the slopes in the country 's chiisagata district , the man can be seen decked out in purple holding a matching selfie stick at arm 's length . he even causes the snow to spray in the air while turning .
saskia , 17 , posted excerpts of the exam on monday with the message ` boyfriend made me take an @arsenal exam ' . the stakes were high before she scored 43.5 out of a possible 50 points , or 87 per cent . by the grading system of her boyfriend , who did n't want to be identified , that constitutes an a. saskia .
arsenal host chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . mesut ozil took to instagram to show off his new apple watch . the 26-year-old was the beneficiary of the timepiece - which ranges in price from # 299 to # 13,500 .
ufc light-heavyweight jon jones , 27 , is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman . the pregnant woman was sent to hospital with ` non life-threatening injuries ' . if jones is found to have caused the accident , he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman . today it emerged police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter
michael bisping lands a kick to the head of cb dollaway during their ufc 186 fight in montreal . the manchester middleweight was in action for the first time since losing to luke rockhold last year . dollaway successfully completed a takedown just before the bell . all three judges gave him the nod by a score of 29-28 .
chris smalling has signed a three-year contract extension at manchester united worth in the region of # 80,000-a-week . the 25-year-old had been linked with a move to arsenal after struggling to hold down a first-team place at united . smalling was also guilty of several off-the-field indiscretions .
pele and franz beckenbauer were reunited on friday to light up the empire state building in new york cosmos green . the pair are two of the greatest footballers ever to have lived , and the occasion was marked by two very special guests . as the former noted , they were pioneers at the time , bringing football to a territory that had rarely seen the game before .
hashim amla has been recruited to replace martin guptill . south africa test captain amla will begin his short stint with derbyshire . the 31-year-old has been called up by his country for the test series against england . click here for all the latest england news .
allan donald has confirmed he is to step down as south africa bowling coach . the 48-year-old former test paceman has served his country as part of the coaching team since 2011 . he said : ' i have had some time to reflect after the world cup and have come to the conclusion that the time is right to move on ' .
researchers at the university of washington studied the telerobot raven ii . they found that robots designed for surgery could be ` easily ' hacked in to . this is because they are operated over public networks which allowed the researchers to access them and stop them working . the research was carried out by toying with a product from their own university .
randy boehning , a 52-year-old who 's represented fargo since 2002 , sent messages and a photo of his penis to a gay man in bismark named dustin smith . but , while admitting he 's gay and uses grindr , the public official claimed his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker 's retaliation for his vote against a bill that would afford protections to gays . ' -lsb- he -rsb- voted against a
jen jiang was born into a family of teachers , jia jiang . he dug a hole in the garden , intending to reach america by the shortest route . he eventually made the journey by conventional means , and found a good life there . he would spend 100 days deliberately seeking out situations in which he was likely to be rejected , film them and put them up on his blog .
mo farah will race over 1500 metres at the sainsbury 's birmingham grand prix in june . the double olympic champion will race in birmingham in the first time he 's competed in 1,500 m since 2013 . the 32-year-old has competed over 1500m since he broke the european record by clocking three minutes 28.81 seconds in monaco two years ago .
thierry henry believes arsenal need to sign four new players this summer . arsenal boss arsene wenger will be looking to add to his squad ahead of the 2015-16 premier league season . petr cech looks set to leave chelsea after losing his no 1 spot to thibaut courtois .
sarah weatherill , 31 , became so dependent on the energy drink she was told if she cut down too quickly she could suffer a seizure as her body was so used to the caffeine . the law student spent a staggering # 5,460 every year on the popular energy drink since she became hooked in 2009 .
the unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist anna erickson . meet bud dodson , 57 , and welcome to his home : an rv in seattle 's sodo where he watches over the parking lot in exchange for a spot . one might not notice them in the mornings as hundreds of workers in the nearby factories , such as starbucks , park up and rush into work .
the rap mogul was refused an appeal to have his bail reduced from $ 10 million to $ 5 million as he awaits trial for murder and attempted murder . despite walking confidently into court , he had to be carted out in a wheelchair as judge ronald coen rejected his pleas . but all is not lost for the co-creator of death row records , who believes his close friend will come to his aid this weekend .
suge knight , 49 , has pleaded not guilty to killing terry carter and trying to kill cle ` bone ' sloan during a parking lot confrontation . the close ups were intended to show the injuries he sustained from being punched in the face during the confrontation . knight 's pickup is seen backing up , throwing sloan to the ground before the truck drives over his legs and then plows over terry .
wolverhampton 's benik afobe scored the winner in the 1-0 defeat of wigan . james mcclean sent off for a second bookable offence in jury time . the latics will have to face brentford next weekend without star man james . wigan have won just one of their last nine premier league games .
jimmy abdou came on to break the deadlock with a rare strike . martyn waghorn was one of three players sent off - two for wigan . millwall no 1 david forde was sent off for millwall in the fiesty clash . magaye gueye scored the only goal of the game in the second half .
petra wetzel , 40 , is a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son , noah . she set up her own business , the west brewery , in 2006 ... listening to the italian businessman on the other end of the line . he had heard about the huge popularity of petra 's bottled beer . now he wanted to meet to discuss importing it in bulk to italy .
canadian tourist cui hongfang , 73 , died in front of horrified family members . she was knocked over by the 38-year-old canadian woman at the great wall of china . the victim 's husband said she fell down the stairs after she struck her head and lost consciousness .
the new 2.0 tfsi s line quattro is fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 . the interior of a manual version of the audi soft-top can be seen here . audi tt roadster 's new audi soft test is available for # 54,180 .
ufc light heavyweight champion jon jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but quickly came back to grab ' a large handful of cash ' from the car . the driver , whom an off-duty officer identified as jones , ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again , police said . he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash .
former chelsea midfielder michael essien 's # 75,000 range rover vogue has been stolen from the driveway of his surrey home . burglars targeted the property , in cobham , surrey , where the road is based , and made off with the 4x4 . two other vehicles , a mercedes and a bmw , were stolen from a neighbour on the same day .
tony mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires after a successful career . arcaro had 4,779 , including five kentucky derbys . he was known as the master in american racing , comparable in his field to baseball legend joe dimaggio and golf 's jack nicklaus .
javier hernandez is enjoying a fine run of form at real madrid . the 26-year-old has scored three goals in his last two games . madrid coach carlo ancelotti said on monday that the european champions would take stock of his situation at the end of the season .
javier hernandez on loan from manchester united has scored four goals in four for the spanish giants . the mexico international is on a season-long loan from old trafford . real madrid boss carlo ancelotti will not rush into a decision on the striker .
michael and rosalia juskin had a ` history of domestic issues , ' according to bergen county prosecutor john l. molinelli . a relative discovered the bodies monday morning and called police . michael is one of the oldest people ever to be accused of homicide , according to authorities .
blaine boudreaux , 34 , has been charged with intoxication manslaughter , intoxicated assault and failure to stop and render aid involving death . joshua medrano , 6 , who was a passenger in the sedan , was fatally injured . his mother , cynthia , was hospitalized with a punctured lung and broken bones .
babnswood house is in the south of buckinghamshire -- in ten acres of secluded woodlands in the picturesque village of north dean . at least two long-term residents have had strong bletchley connections . the first was wartime cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox , who bought it in 1921 and lived there until his death in 1943 .
mel greig has written an open letter to the media , warning of the harmful consequences of always seeking for a new angle on world events . the former 2day fm co-host shot to notoriety in 2012 after a prank call during the duchess of cambridge 's first pregnancy resulted in the death of the nurse who took the call . the 33-year-old said in the letter that with the impending birth of the second child for the duke and duke of duchess
victoria miller said those used in the show would have been far too modest . she said they should be at least double the size , according to an expert . mark rylance blamed there diminutive size on a ` directive from our american producers ' . the codpiece was a symbol of a tudor man 's fashion accessory .
former super middleweight champion nigel benn is back in the ring . benn landed a series of punches , including one that saw hatton 's glove fly off , as he put the 36-year-old through his paces . earlier this week , hatton and benn met up to discuss the possibility of the ` hitman ' training conor benn .
micah richards ' contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season . the 26-year-old has n't been a disaster , but wants to return to the premier league ahead of next season . inter milan manager roberto mancini is keen on signing richards .
andy carroll is currently overseas with a hammers physio and his pregnant fiancee billi mucklow as he continues his recovery . the west ham striker will not have a break over the summer and will instead be working hard at the club 's chadwell heath training ground . carroll had to have surgery after injuring his medial knee ligament against southampton in february .
nicholas tooth , 25 , was playing for the quirindi lions against the narrabri blue boars in mid-north nsw on saturday . he collapsed after hitting his head on an opponent 's shoulder . he was treated at the ground before being airlifted to newcastle 's john hunter hospital in a critical condition .
photographer brent stapelkamp saw the dramatic tussle in hwange national park , zimbabwe . the lioness refused to let the giraffe escape despite the danger she was in . but the other lionesses were distracted by a passing warthog and chose to chase the easier prey instead .
martin odegaard was pictured with former brazil international ronaldo . the 16-year-old joined real madrid for # 2.3 million in january . the former stromgodset playmaker has trained with carlo ancelotti 's first team since his arrival .
paige vanzant beat herrig 30-26 , 30-27 in just her second fight in the ufc . the 21-year-old was one of the few ufc athletes to be awarded an individual contract with reebok . herrig struggled to impose herself on the fight despite having much more experience .
paige vanzant and felice herrig had to be pulled apart as they squared off ahead of their strawweight clash in new jersey . herrig was clearly riled during the traditional staredown in times square . the 21-year-old will face each other in the octagon on saturday night .
chelsea beat man united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday . jose mourinho has come under fire for lack of possession . chelsea let liverpool have 73 per cent possession over the 90 minutes . click here for all the latest liverpool news , probable line ups and more .
david raven stabbed home the winner to take inverness caledonian thistle to the scottish cup final . the 30-year-old scouser played in the infamous 1-0 defeat for rafa benitez 's reds at burnley in 2005 . raven must have thought his career glory had been and gone when he made a few appearances in the first team as a youngster .
manchester united lost 1-0 to chelsea in the premier league on saturday . louis van gaal was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-1 . the dutchman knows he will not be judged on his ability to repair the damage done by david moyes .
teana walsh , who is paid by michigan taxpayers to pursue justice , wrote an unhinged post on her facebook urging a deadly response to violence in the troubled maryland city . walsh suggested deadly force should be used against the violent protesters . at least 15 people voiced their approval by ` liking ' the comment .
the chevrolet express - the vehicle used by the baltimore police department - is smooth on the inside of both cage doors . the development raises a number of questions about the official account put out by the force which emerged today in a report of its internal investigation into freddie gray 's death .
georgia davis , 22 , had to be lifted out of her home in aberdare , south wales . seven-hour operation involved two cranes , seven police cars , two fire engines and 11 medics . she is 5ft 6in tall but exists on a 13,000-calorie-a-day binge of takeaways and junk food which has rendered her immobile .
noeleen foster was thrilled to capture the suggestively shaped formation above zuccoli -25 km southeast of darwin . the mother of-four told daily mail australia she snapped the pornographic precipitation from the civil construction site where she works . ms foster was alone for the break but she 's sure somebody else in the area must have recognised the x-rated cloud .
a photo taken by photographer patrick semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters . baltimore police did not immediately return daily mail online 's request for comment tuesday morning . fifteen police officers were injured monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of freddie gray .
tastes change , of course , but looking at some of the adverts that graced newspapers and magazines in the latter half of the 20th century . it 's hard to believe that the advertising brains behind them thought they might actually work . if the ad world 's top gunslingers now rely on more modern methods of reaching their audience including hopping across multiple media platforms to reach them .
the 31-year-old musician was filmed wearing hip hop-style clothing as he stands in front of missile launchers and burning buildings . libya 's second largest city was seized by the hardline islamist group ansar al-sharia in july last year . intense fighting between the rebels and regime forces have reduced much of benghazi to rubble .
government has had enough and is planning to make tenants pay a bond before they move in . communities minister brad hazzard said it was a ` very likely possibility ' the plan would be implemented in the near future . a picture from the nsw department of family and community services shows damage to public housing .
new zealander philip lyle hansen , 56 , has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges , including unlawful sexual connection and charges of wounding with intent to injure four women between 1988 and 2011 . the woman , who can not be named , told the court she never consented to hansen pulling out her teeth but was too ` afraid ' to say anything . hansen allegedly held her against a car door and removed six of her bottom teeth , using an oily rag to stop the bleeding , during sex
stoke city are challenging west ham for sampdoria midfielder pedro obiang . the 23-year-old spaniard is available for around # 6million . obiang was capped for spain at youth levels , representing their under 17 , 19 and 21 teams , but is yet to feature at senior level .
former treasurer peter costello has fired a damaging salvo at the abbott government just weeks out from its second budget . mr costello said the government needs to restart the conversation about getting taxes down , not up . he also slams labor and the greens , saying using the tax system to re-distribute income would trap australians in poverty .
west indies are losing players to the easier option of the indian premier league and it is understandable because of the money that can be made there . jason holder did in antigua and marlon samuels managed here will do much for the culture phil simmons is trying to create as new west indies coach .
tomas graham , a single mother-of-six , was caught on camera whacking her son michael , pulling off his ski mask and chasing him down the street . the riots broke out following the death of 25-year-old freddie gray earlier this month who died of a spinal cord injury after being taken into custody by baltimore police . her actions have drawn praise from moms across the country .
the two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic strait of hormuz , pentagon spokesman colonel steven warren said . news of the first incident was revealed by the pentagon after iranian guards seized mv maersk tigris this week and seized it for trespassing just days after it had ` harassed ' another ship . in the april 24 incident , four iranian patrol boats with the country 's elite revolutionary guards ` harassed a us-fl
former indonesian army general prabowo subianto privately assured mr joko there would be no political consequences if the bali nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved . he penned a letter to joko at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to ` postpone the executions indefinitely ' , he would come out in support of the decision .
floyd mayweather dismissed conor mcgregor 's recent comments about being able to ` kill ' the boxer inside 30 seconds . the irishman 's most recent instagram post is of his bmw 640i m sport convertible and he captioned it ` locking up the bat mobile ' .
elon musk introduced the powerwall device at a press conference in california last night and said the technology could ` change the world ' . the device , which could be in homes by the end of summer , will be able to store electricity at night when it is cheaper . powerwall is three feet wide and four feet tall , weighs 220lbs .
in 2012 a study suggested this may be centered on the north pole . the idea that earth is set to form a new supercontinent is not new . but new techniques are allowing experts to study the changes in unprececdented ways . this will compare to the ancient supercontinents rodinia and pangaea .
researchers studied stone tools used by people in the early ahmarian culture and the protoaurignacian culture , living in south and west europe and west asia around 40,000 years ago . they found the human tools were no more effective than neanderthal-created tools of the same era . researchers say the discovery means we may need to rethink the reasons humans survived neanderthals .
james houlder and his girlfriend vicki hood saved up for months . but within hours of arriving at the first choice resort , the couple say they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea . the couple , who live just outside norwich , had booked the break last summer and envisaged 10 days sunning themselves on the beach and scuba diving .
manchester united scouts checked on porto striker jackson martinez last week . the 28-year-old wants to leave portugal this summer and his club will listen to offers of around # 30million . martinez scored as porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in their champions league quarter-final first leg .
england women 's under 19s beat northern ireland 9-1 . natasha flint bagged a hat-trick as the young lions squad came from a goal down to secure an impressive victory at seaview . the night started badly for mo marley 's side as they found themselves a goal behind with just ten minutes played in belfast .
alastair cook 's problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific . the drag-on was always going to be a danger on this pitch but cook was right to try to play that shot because the cut is one of his big strengths . he can not admonish himself for playing at the delivery .
supermodel , 65 , is one of the world 's most iconic models and 50 years after first being discovered . has long been working for the high street store and has taken inspiration from the 70s trends seen on the catwalks this season . her new collection will be available on may 14 .
donatella versace , 59 , is set to appear in a new ad campaign not for her own brand , but for rival design house givenchy . givenchy designer riccardo tisci , 40 , revealed the surprising pick for his fall-winter campaign on instagram yesterday . he wrote : ` together we break fashion boundaries today ! ' .
david haye was arrested at dubai international airport and held in a police cell over a # 341,000 bounced cheque . the former two-weight world champion has not fought since he defeated dereck chisora in july 2012 . he has been unable to leave the united arab emirates - forcing him to miss a mixed martial arts event in birmingham at the weekend .
queens park rangers manager chris ramsey claims that covert racism still exists in football boardrooms . ramsey has been vocal on racism in the past and supports john barnes ' assertion that black managers find it difficult to get another job after being sacked . the former tottenham boss believes that the implementing of a rooney rule could help raise awareness of the ` covert ' issue .
former ole miss star marshall henderson jumped on revelations jarret stoll was arrested in las vegas last week . he tweeted : ` lol wassup with your boyfriend ' . andrews responded with the message : ` ima save that and you will be the first person ill mock ' .
liverpool winger raheem sterling is no stranger to the back pages . the 20-year-old was allegedly pictured smoking a shisha pipe . sterling recently snubbed a new # 100,000-a-week contract at anfield . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
the serpent like specimen was found by a local man at the entrance of the otago harbour , in dunedin on thursday . samples of the bizaree creature , known to swim vertically as well self-amputate its own tail , were sent to see otago museum for testing . scientists have been unable to explain why they self-driving , but some have proposed it is a form of protection .
mike coupe , 53 , was convicted of embezzlement last september . former sansbury 's business partner amr el-nasharty accused him of trying to illegally seize cheques . mr coupe is believed to have travelled to the middle eastern country to appeal the conviction .
joe root has bounced back from a difficult ashes tour to prove himself as a quality test batsman . his last five hundreds have been in excess of 149 , four of them have been unbeaten and in the way he batted with jimmy anderson yesterday . root showed maturity to bat with the tail on friday in grenada .
russian man performed surgery on himself at the top of some snow-covered mountains using only items in his first aid kit . the blood formed a clot which caused a huge swelling and bruising , leaving him in pain and unable to walk . in order to get back down to the city at the foot of the mountains , he decided to use snow as an anaesthetic and rubs it on his leg to numb the injury .
anders lindegaard tied the knot with misse beqiri last year . the swedish model has struggled for minutes throughout his career . the 31-year-old moved to manchester united in 2010 after signing from norwegian side aalesunds but has failed to make an impact .
lance armstrong has said the world anti-doping agency and others are ` owed an apology ' from him for cheating during his cycling career . david howman , director general of wada , said this week that he was disappointed armstrong had n't apologised for costly and time-consuming lawsuits . armstrong won the tour de france every year from 1999-2005 .
hein verbruggen says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the uci after being criticised by the inquiry into the lance armstrong doping scandal . the former head of international cycling says he has put the ` scandalously biased ' report into the hands of lawyers .
mesut ozil has been sublime in recent weeks but he did n't do enough against chelsea on sunday . the german needs to start performing to live up to his # 42m tag . cesc fabregas was sending a killer pass only for oscar to be wiped out by the goalkeeper .
rickie lambert has killed off lambert 's career and you 've got to feel sorry for the player . the england striker played regularly in the premier league and scoring goals for southampton . lambert missed out on saturday because of a hip injury but it must have been gutting for him to see mario balotelli get yet another chance .
louis van gaal needs some big signings in the summer to turn manchester united into title contenders . the dutchman is a slower version of the geordie , which is quite an achievement . ilkay gundogan has already been linked with a move to old trafford . david de gea , blind and ashley young react after conceding a goal .
patrick vieira is set to complete his uefa pro licence this summer . he has been taking his coaching badges with the welsh football association under their technical director osian roberts . city 's teenagers are in awe of the man , having grown up watching him torment the premier league for a decade at arsenal and city .
barcelona captain carles puyol is believed to be training with a view to ending his retirement from football for a lucrative end-of-career spell in qatar or the united states . the 36-year-old retired last may after struggling to return from a persistent knee injury that had troubled him . the barcelona captain is considered to be one of the finest defenders of his generation .
toby huntington-whiteley , 25 , stars in the new summer advert for men 's clothing brand , jacamo . the personal trainer is joined by professional cricketer , 37 , as they model the latest collection of clothing for the brand 's summer campaign . the dapper 25-year-old has been the face of jacques for four years .
the robots , collectively called avert , are the creation of a european consortium led by the democritus university of thrace in greece . they are fitted with on-board sensors , including two lasers and a digital camera . the sensors help the avert tool move the vehicle without human intervention , while avoiding obstacles .
nasa 's reported that a video camera on progress showed it to be spinning at a ` rather significant rate ' . orbital data was due to be sent from a russian ground site , allowing for a eight ` rendevous burns ' to be performed over the next five hours of flight . but once progress had arrived on orbit , only confirmation of its solar array deployment and some of the navigational antennas were made .
suline gabrielian , 33 , of sydney 's northern beaches has recreated the entire range of chocolate bar favourites . with 129,000 instagram followers and the hippie lane app consistently sitting in the top three of ` most popular food and drink ' apps on itunes since its release in january .
researchers at yahoo labs in california have created a sensor that can recognise the shape of your ear or any other body part you want to access your device . called bodyprint , the technology turns a standard touchscreen into a biometric scanner removing the need to specialist hardware such as fingerprint readers or infrared cameras . bodyprint was devised by christian holz , senaka buthpitiya .
the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet , by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby . the credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet -lrb- three metres -rrb- . it connects to an app on a user 's android handset or iphone via bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their
matthew colvin , 26 , was behind bars on tuesday in southhaven , mississippi , and will be extradited back to memphis on wednesday . an employee discovered the glasses , valued at more than $ 2,000 , had been taken out of a display case during business hours . colvin faces up to 12 years in prison for the theft .
tivoli suv is powered by 1.6 litre euro 6 petrol and diesel engines . top-of-the-range elx , from # 16,000 to # 19,000 , comes fully loaded . includes 16-in alloys , cruise control , a petrol stop/go system .
online fitness company protein world caused a twitter storm with its poster of a genetically-blessed model in a small yellow bikini . the poster , promoting weight loss , came under fire from some feminists and body image campaigners who branded the campaign body-shaming . transport for london are in the process of removing the ad , and now internet pranksters have hit back with their own version of the poster .
fabio lovato , 30 , proposed to his girlfriend laura knight , 29 . the pair met while laura was backpacking around asia . fabio created a video that played following the trailers for fast and furious 7 . the film included pictures from their time together in australia , where the couple met .
researchers found the bombardier beetle mimics a machine gun by mixing chemicals in an internal ` reaction chamber ' in its stomach . when threatened , the diminutive bug can then repeatedly fire streams of foul-smelling liquid from its rear , complete with ` gun smoke ' . it can even precisely aim the nozzle at the attacker . this behaviour has been caught on camera by wendy moore and her colleagues at the university of arizona .
a rescue cat in utah has become an unlikely mother to a litter of abandoned puppies . the pups were apparently discovered in a discarded shoe box on tuesday afternoon and taken to the humane society for immediate treatment . a note on the cardboard container indicated they were born last friday and their mother had died .
julio cesar chavez jnr returns to the ring after a year-long absence . wba super-middleweight champion carl froch took part in a poker tournament in lenton . chavez faces andrzej fonfara at a catchweight of 172lb on saturday night .
jason matthews , 40 , left his black saab 93 in a side street on his way to the starting line of the manchester marathon on april 19 . but when the runner from wolverhampton finished the race after five hours 11 minutes 11 minutes of running he was unable to remember where he had parked it . mr matthews spent hours searching for his missing car , even retracing some of the marathon route before enlisting the help of a taxi driver to help him .
jordan meikle was filmed approaching the spectator 's barriers . the 23-year-old stopped mid-race to ask his girlfriend to marry him . moments before masking the slight smirk on his face , jordan lunges into another stretch -- one that has him facing his girlfriend on one knee .
paul smith has landed a shot at the unbeaten californian andre ward . the 32-year-old failed in back-to-back challenges for arthur abraham 's wbo belt . smith will face a man who outclassed carl froch in 2011 .
jack grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide . the 19-year-old was pictured taking so-called ` hippy crack ' , a legal high , after a night out nearly a year ago . aston villa manager tim sherwood will not repeat his mistake .
england beat west indies 2-1 in the second test at wembley . jimmy anderson scored the winning goal in the first test . england must remember that , having won a crucial toss , they had the best conditions against the eighth-ranked side in the world . anderson may have won it with his extraordinary display .
the rubber bowl in akron , ohio , hosted acts like the rolling stones , ringo starr , black sabbath , simon & garfunkel , alice cooper , bon jovi , van halen , metallica , tom petty , bob dylan , the grateful dead and aretha franklin . the stadium also functioned as the home of the university of akron 's football team , the zips , for more than 65 years .
leslie cooper , 61 , charged with murdering iman abdul hadi arwani , 48 . police searched an noor community centre in west london last night . they also visited the wembley home of burnell mitchell , 61 . mr mitchell has scaffolding outside his two-bedroom property .
lacey mccarty , six , and phillip mccartney , five , were killed in march . their mother , jessica mccson , five months , was allegedly at the hands of their mother in palm bay , florida . investigators say she left a note behind at the scene saying she was ` sorry for what she had to do ' just 24 hours before their death .
hector morejon , 19 , was shot dead by a police officer in long beach , california , on thursday while in a vacant apartment . his mother , lucia , was at home when she heard the shots . she went to an alley near her home to see what happened . then realized it was her son in the ambulance , reports the la times .
the incident happened on thursday afternoon near the fulton county courthouse in downtown atlanta . major darin schierbaum said police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck . at one point christian fired at least two shots at the officers , and they returned fire , critically wounding her .
australian prime minister tony abbott thrilled players at a sydney australian rules football club function by skolling a beer . it appeared to take the prime minister about six seconds to down the schooner , as players cheered and chanted ` skol ' and ` tony ' . mr abbott was asked to have a drink by former labor prime minister bob hawke 's ability well documented .
kayonna cole filmed the moment at her home in los angeles . she remains calm as the tarantula removes its fangs from her skin . later in the video the spider begins pinching her once more . kayonna wrote online that the spider was showing aggression or possibly testing her fangs .
the cute baby elephant had been taking a stroll through the bush with his mother at idube game reserve in south africa . when the baby elephant rushed to catch her up he appeared to get his leg caught in the grass . but when the young elephant fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud .
footage was captured on camera by a visitor to the abq biopark zoo in albuquerque . the youngster named jazmine clambers onto her with its right leg . before steadying itself and lunging forward with both its back legs and tramples all over rozie as it tries to get its balance .
investigation reveals freddie gray broke his neck when he fell head-first into the back of the police van as it was moving . medical and law enforcement sources briefed on the police investigation told abc news gray 's ` catastrophic ' head injuries were consistent with hitting a bolt ` in the back door of the van ' .
roger , an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the northern territory , was gifted his new friend by a fan . sanctuary manager chris barnes said the bunny quickly became attached to the bunny , but soon tired of it . mr barnes and his team made the mistake of trying to take the bunny away from him .
ap mccoy makes a lap of honour round the parade ring with champion jockey 's trophy at sandown . the family duties and the exorbitant cost of a ticket means he will not be heading to las vegas to watch mayweather and pacquiao . this week there will be two days as a spectator for the punchestown festival .
liam ridgewell 's second column for sportsmail with the 2015 major league soccer season well under way in the united states . the 30-year-old from bexleyheath discusses his family 's visits to portland , coming up against orlando city 's brazilian star kaka .
peter scudamore won his 4,000 th race on board mountain tune on november 7 , 2013 . he has won virtually every big race in the calendar but mccoy 's greatest feat has to be the immense tally of winners he has ridden . great rival richard johnson is closest to him and the gap is around 1,500 winners .
lada 's 4x4 niva has long been the car that bucked the trend of laughing at the russian carmaker and has won fans around the world thanks to its robust nature and chunky looks . we take a look at the niva , which is a highly capable , ruftytufty 4x from russia .
stella maxwell , 24 , was born to northern irish parents stella maynes and maurice maxwell . she was raised there until she was 13 and has since gone on to land coveted campaigns for the likes of asos , alexander mcqueen , h&m , river island and urban outfitters . the lingerie giant this week added ten new angels to its coveted roster .
the custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner # 400million . it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . but this version was built for just a single tycoon , although he will be able to fit dozens of guests .
the fly is initially featured looking rather pleased as it fastens its tongue onto the beef steak . like the infamous scene from dumb and dumber involving ice , a ski lift and a tongue , the fly becomes attached to the frozen food . it then goes to fly away home when suddenly it notices that it is stuck and a sense of panic sets in .
five-year-old saige , who 's from the us , concludes the passionate rant by declaring she will move out and stay with her mum 's best friend . unfortunately for her , her mother refuses to take the threat seriously and just laughs at her daughter , responding : ` no you 're not ' . in the video titled , ` saige is mad and she 's moving on ' , the determined little girl gives her mother a stern nod and replies : ` yes i am !
the little girl can be seen beating her chest at omaha 's henry doorley zoo . the gorilla then launches himself , and his hundreds of pounds , at the little girl , hitting the glass with such force it cracks . since it was uploaded to youtube it has had more than 126,000 views .
the 79th edition of the masters was held at augusta national golf club . sportsmail counts down the 20 greatest shots ever seen at the club . nick faldo , louis oosthuizen and the late , great seve ballesteros . the king was the first man to birdie both the final two holes .
mark o'meara 's chances of a major championship appeared to have gone despite a fine career and many victories on the pga tour . but for a short while it had appeared that an amateur golfer could topple two of the greatest ever to play the game . billy joe patton came within a stroke of perhaps the biggest masters shock of all but narrowly missed out on a play-off with sam snead and ben hogan .
lewis hamilton won the bahrain grand prix ahead of sebastian vettel and mercedes team-mate nico rosberg . the briton claimed his third victory in four races so far this season . hamilton extended his lead in the formula one world championship .
nico rosberg was brooding , his face stony , his eyes fixed on the middle distance and his fingers intermittently clapping in anger . lewis hamilton is now 13 points clear in the race for the drivers ' championship after winning the chinese grand prix . hamilton stands on top of his mercedes and salutes the crowd after claiming the fourth victory of his career in china .
the f1 circus quickly ends up in bahrain after the chinese grand prix . sakhir debuted in 2004 and is designed by herman tilke . the in-field has had a cosmetic makeover , while after the tight turn to the right of your picture you can follow the extended endurance version of the track .
the shanghai circuit held the inaugural chinese grand prix in 2004 and has been home to the event ever since . ricardo zonta featured late on in the 2004 season and is pictured in his toyota during qualifying with the main grandstand in the background . the brazilian had replaced the sacked cristiano da matta but this would be his penultimate race start in formula one .
zafar ansari , the surrey spin-bowling all-rounder , is halfway through a 40,000-word masters on the 1960s civil rights movement in the american south . the 23-year-old ansarihas been called up to england 's odi squad for the clash against ireland .
nicklas bendtner was not included in the wolfsburg squad for sunday 's draw against schalke as punishment for turning up late for training . the denmark international was due to start the match but ended up being dropped from the entire squad after his poor timekeeping landed him in hot water with manager dieter hecking .
bournemouth are set to hold off on expanding the capacity of their 12,000-seater goldsands stadium . the away contingent are currently crammed into a corner of the ground between the south stand and the east stand . manager eddie howe prefers the away fans not to be behind one of the goals to give his players a psychological advantage .
manchester united 's pre-season tour of the united states will see them play louis van gaal 's ex-club barca . the premier league giants will face club america , san jose earthquakes , barcelona and psg . united will play once again in the international champions ' cup , the tournament they won in america last summer .
chelsea will face paris saint-germain in the premier league on july 25 . the blues were sent crashing out on away goals at the last-16 stage . jose mourinho 's side will face the new york red bulls in july . click here for all the latest chelsea news .
raheem sterling was told in no uncertain terms by liverpool supporters that they expect him to remain at the club this summer . the new gingham design , presented to supporters at anfield on friday , is the first offering from us sports brand new balance . sterling , daniel sturridge , martin skrtel and simon mignolet unveiled the new home strip in the centenary stand .
liverpool have become the first premier league club to release their new kit to be used for the 2015-16 campaign . it ends three seasons of the reds having their kit manufactured by warrior where , despite a string of smart home strips . sportsmail picks out its five favourites from over the years .
west ham have announced a five-year multi-million pound kit deal with umbro . umbro produced the first-ever west ham replica kits for sale in the 1960s when the likes of world cup winners bobby moore , sir geoff hurst and martin peters wore the claret and blue in their 1964 fa cup triumphs .
manchester united will have to wear nike kit during their summer tour of the us . the club are expected to jet across the atlantic in july for a trip of around 12 days , which would have been an ideal opportunity to showcase their new gear . adidas are the new sponsors in a # 750million deal .
bon apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under your tap . it does n't matter if the water is hot or cold but you should try to keep the cut edge away from the direct flow of water . then turn your oven on to a warm temperature - around 150 degrees - and stick the bread inside .
in the uk , chlamydia seemed to cause most concern , and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed std in the country according to official figures . in the us herpes was the most searched for term across the country , with georgia being the state with the most searches for the virus . in europe , norway came out as what the maps called a ` herpes hotspot ' generating the most .
ashleyout.com was behind last sunday 's boycott of the 3-1 defeat at home to spurs . at least 10,000 supporters stayed away as their side lost a sixth game on the spin . now they are encouraging fans to ` stand up to ashley ' this weekend .
ben stokes clashed with marlon samuels during the second test between west indies and england . but stokes responded positively to the row after talking to england coach peter moores . england must make sure they do not quash that natural exuberance and desire to take someone on .
pattie boyd has tied the knot for the third time at chelsea registry office . she was married to both george harrison and eric clapton in the past . the couple have been together almost 25 years . pattie inspired three of the greatest love songs of all time .
floyd mayweather jr is the cartoon embodiment of the excess for which his adopted home town of las vegas is notorious . he has tossed handful of bills into the air at a strip club and hurled wads of cash into a swimming pool so he could amuse himself by watching girls dive to retrieve them . mayweather will take on manny pacquiao on saturday in the most eagerly awaited fight of the century .
kaka was wearing a vest on which he had printed the proud statement ' i belong to jesus ' . the brazilian midfielder was not mocked or ridiculed for the message on his clothes . kaka is deeply religious , was not ridiculed for his faith . ac milan won the champions league final in athens in 2007 .
chris ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs . he took the qpr position after harry redknapp saw the writing on the wall . ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and guess what it has not been an easy job to refloat it .
raheem sterling has been linked with a move away from liverpool . the 20-year-old has been called an ingrate and a fool . he is in thrall , it is said to a man portrayed as his iago of an agent . sterling is fouled by hector bellerin as liverpool earn a penalty .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao step on the scales next friday . fans will be charged for admission to a weigh-in . this formality for checking that combatants weigh no more than the stipulated poundage for each division started to become an event in its own right in 2007 .
kell brook beat devon alexander at the mgm grand in las vegas last year . promoter eddie hearn says khan 's father shah as his son gets ready to finally confirm the over-criticised chris algieri as his opponent in new york . brook will be defending his world welterweight title against gavin on may 20 .
floyd mayweather has commissioned a mouthguard not only imbedded with his usual diamond and gold bling . total cost , according to his favourite website tmz , is $ 25,000 . if the pacman does land the knockout blow , then given the expensive protection at least the money man should wake up smiling .
jimmy anderson needs only four wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker . anderson trains ahead of the first test in antigua on monday . the brown brothers , michael and david , john clare , and vishal tripathi , and david clare and david tripathi .
paris saint-germain have opened discussions with paul pogba over a possible move from juventus . the italian champions were kept informed even though no formal offer has yet been made to the club for the france international . psg striker edinson cavani has a meeting scheduled with his brother and agent on wednesday .
sami khedira is being courted by several clubs including manchester united and chelsea . the germany international has concerns about the strength of their squad . united have also discussed the possibility of reviving their interest in paris st germain 's energetic midfielder blaise matuidi if a deal can be struck .
ander herrera has impressed manchester united 's scouts throughout his career at real sociedad and athletic bilbao . the spanish side have a long-held interest in the 25-year-old as they consider replacements for xavi . herrera is as considered in his approach off the pitch as he is on it .
jose mourinho 's return was the answer to john terry 's prayers . terry is in a real purple patch and his reading of the game is better than ever . the 34-year-old defender 's timing in the tackle has been impeccable for the majority this season .
arsenal have conceded just two goals in their last six clashes with arsenal , keeping four clean sheets in the process . arsene wenger pushed jose mourinho when chelsea beat arsenal 6-0 at stamford bridge last season . the blues are more likely to sit deep and use the electric pace of eden hazard and willian on the break .
jack grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide . he was outstanding against liverpool but it was one game . arsene wenger changed the attitude completely at arsenal . he said as professional athletes we had a duty to look after our bodies .
aston villa host aston villa in the fa cup final at wembley on sunday . tim sherwood has invigorated this side and you can feel that improvement in their performances . villa won the european cup in 1982 and the champions league in 1982 . click here for all the latest villa news .
patrick vieira was a ferocious competitor on the pitch but off it he is a class act . city boss pellegrini faces a nervous wait to see if he keeps his job this summer . patrick wants to be a manager and is intelligent , well-balanced and has a burning desire to win .
spain won the european championships for a second time in a row in 2012 before their world cup failure . the current champions league quarter-finals are beginning to say something quite interesting about spain 's ` relevo ' . victor valdes , david villa and fernando torres have done their hard miles .
carlo ancelotti was speaking after madrid 's two principal teams had contested the champions league final and he had lifted the ` cup with the big ears ' for the fifth time as player or coach . real madrid won their 10th european cup last year , beating atletico 1-0 atletico . the victory was real 's second in extra time to secure the famous victory .
paris saint-germain face merseille in ligue 1 on sunday night . the match between blue-collar marseille and money-bags psg guarantees ferocity . the fixture between the two sides is two points behind the visitors who have won seven of france 's last eight classique matches .
chris smalling has been at the forefront of manchester united 's resurgence . the former england fast bowler now spends life on the sky sports undercard as he remains one of the sharpest analysts they have . his comment about giving england 's ` constipated ' batsmen ` some syrup of figs ' in the west indies was so perfect it could have come from our own david lloyd .
shivnarine chanderpaul and steve davis remain heroic despite their advancing years . the portuguese club 's slaying of bayern munich was achieved against a backdrop of fans draped in co-ordinated blue and white . the 40-year-old became the first footballer ever to ` lose the ball in the background ' .
england face england in the cricket world cup on saturday . ian ladyman reveals what 's been making him feel warm this week . tracey neville has played and worked her way to the top of her sport . kevin sinfield is now in charge of england 's academy .
jack wilshere is one of arsenal 's own , a product of the fabled hale end academy and an example to young recruits that it is possible to make a first-team breakthrough . the 23-year-old has not featured for the first team since he was injured against manchester united on november 22 . manchester city have snapped up several players from arsenal in recent times .
oscar has n't completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since mid-january . cristiano ronaldo had made it clear he expected los blancos to be more adventurous in the bernabeu . mourinho has been called out by players for being too defensive .
arsene wenger has a look in the direction of jose mourinho during the stalemate at the emirates . jose was nigh on glowing about arsenal 's ` creative team -lrb- with -rrb- amazing , fantastic solutions ' . arsene said one of the important motivators for his team was ` to share positive emotions with our fans ' .
arsenal beat liverpool 1-0 in the fa cup final at wembley on saturday . ian wright was dead sheepish about it in the bbc 's on-site studio . jamie redknapp at one point described the match as ` difficult to watch ' .
gary neville was an unlikely goalscorer against city and neville had a zinger to match it . co-commentator neville analysed the goal by saying : ` smalling has scored . it 's a mauling for city ' . neville said : ` we 've got a proper game of football here ' .
harry redknapp joined bt sport presenter jake humphrey for live broadcast of arsenal vs liverpool on saturday . the former tottenham gaffer was in ` hostile territory ' as he joined the emirates . harry had almost single-handedly managed to nearly shift the emphasis away from who would get the points to how many pounds he might get .
gareth bale is a transfer target for manchester united , chelsea and manchester city this summer . sources in spain suggest that the club could be willing to offload bale even though manager carlo ancelotti has said he wants the winger to remain at real madrid . reus only recently signed a new four-year deal with dortmund .
raheem sterling has rejected a new # 100,000-a-week contract with liverpool . the 20-year-old is entitled to ` buy-out ' the last year of his current contract . liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling sterling in the close season .
liverpool have put a # 50million price tag on raheem sterling . should sterling leave for one of the barclays premier league 's big three . chelsea , manchester city or manchester united are among those watching sterling ahead of the summer . click here for all the latest liverpool news .
charlie hull can make it to the top of the women 's game if she carries on her progression . hull possesses the same ` wow ' factor as world no 1 rory mcilroy . the 19-year-old was keen to know about the revamp planned by the trump family .
jordan spieth has competed in four events in a row as the new masters champion shows his commitment to the sport . the texan flew to south carolina to keep his promise to play the heritage tournament . he also committed to the cadillac match play championship in san francisco next week because it is a wgc event .
jordan spieth won the masters at augusta national on sunday . the 79th masters attracted massive ratings in the usa . politicians who try so hard to be popular could learn much from the 21-year-old masters champion . spieth must have killed forever the idea that you have to have a cold heart and a ruthless edge to be a winner .
tiger woods returns to action at augusta national golf club . woods is given a warm welcome from the crowd and soon stops to sign autographs for some of his fans . the european ryder cup captain was making his first public appearance in 60 days since announcing a hiatus from golf .
nico rosberg lost to lewis hamilton in the chinese grand prix . the german driver blamed the brit for slowing down and bunching him up as sebastian vettel closed on him . hamilton appeared in his mind as a blurry figure of hate .
psv eindhoven won their first eredivisie title since 2008 . memphis depay scored his 20th goal of the season to confirm their 22nd championship in holland . psv manager phillip cocu and top goalscorer depay clinched the title with three games to spare .
michael owen scored a hat-trick for liverpool against sheffield wednesday . owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league and scored three at hillsborough in 1998 . the liverpool echo said it all : ` brazil have ronaldo . liverpool , and now england , have michael ' .
arsenal drew 1-1 with reading in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . alexis sanchez scored the only goal of the game in the second half . jose mourinho 's side are currently third in the premier league . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
john terry recently revealed he had chosen liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho as his nomination . the belgium international has been in superb form for jose mourinho 's side as they look set to win the title . hazard will have to beat off competition from manchester united goalkeeper david de gea .
tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe at half-time . the striker has been one of the few players who have performed consistently for newcastle in recent seasons . sportsmail 's jamie carragher criticised the striker for appearing to congratulate defoe on his goal .
matt ritchie is a contender for my ` 10 to watch ' for next season . he is like ian wright , an exploding champagne bottle of a player . gary lineker asked if we have found ` the english special one ' . eddie is peaceful during a game , relaxed , quiet and controlled .
aston villa beat liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet to reach the fa cup final at wembley on sunday . jack grealish , fabian delph and christian benteke were the best player on the pitch . tim sherwood has done a brilliant job with villa .
christian benteke scored the only goal of the game as villa won 1-0 at tottenham on april 11 . liverpool have to stop the supply line because defending crosses has been their achilles heel this season . fabian delph 's new deal was a real boost for villa .
manchester united beat manchester city 2-0 at the etihad on sunday . juan mata , marcus rojo and ashley young have all proved their worth . marouane fellaini has become manchester united 's go-to player this season . chris smalling has improved and despite the summer spending .
arsenal beat liverpool 3-0 at the emirates on saturday evening . alexis sanchez opened the scoring for the gunners . charlie adam 's long-range effort against chelsea was audacious . click here to see how sportsmail rated the weekend 's premier league goals .
mesut ozil has been involved in seven goals in his last eight league games . the german sets up a goal every 241.9 minutes in the pl , the seventh-best tally in the competition 's history . ozil made 47 passes in the opposition half , more than any other player .
arsenal host manchester city at the emirates stadium on saturday . olivier giroud , kolo toure and mamadou sakho are in contention to replace skrtel for the premier league clash . the red devils are nine points behind arsene wenger 's side .
tuesday night 's friendly clash with italy could prove to be michael carrick 's most important england game . roy hodgson 's team against italy looked like he had one eye on the future , but the only future england need to be focusing on is euro 2016 . carrick keeps the game simple but has been unappreciated in this country .
martin ` mad dog ' allen returns with his latest column for sportsmail . the barnet manager talks about how important it is for the troops to follow order during this crucial stage of the season . the first seven who walked past my office door were called in for a cup of pg tips and a chat .
carl froch has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may . there are three fights coming up where the winner could work for carl . anthony dirrell 's people have already been in touch with me about a froch fight in the event that he wins .
scott quigg is desperate to fight carl frampton and has offered him # 1.5 million to do so on july 18 . promoter eddie hearn produced a cheque on tuesday . frampton will probably get about the same as frampton . click here for all the latest boxing news .
richie benaud made commentary look easy . believe me , it is n't . but he put in the hard work and he rose to the top . there 's a lesson there for a few of the blokes who pick up a mic today . i had the great honour of doing a stint on channel 9 in australia .
matt giteau 's stellar displays for toulon have put him back on the wallabies radar ahead of the world cup . toulon 's steffon armitage came off the bench against leinster . nick abendanon has also become better since he crossed the channel .
sam burgess is set to start at blindside flanker for the second time for bath on friday night . the bath head coach believes burgess will make a bigger impact on the game from the backrow . burgess has been adapting to the 15-man code with his ball-carrying technique coming under scrutiny .
the rfu and stuart lancaster are being urged to invoke the ` exceptional circumstances ' get-out clause . there is an assumption in many quarters that this being a world cup year , it is time to abandon all principles and do whatever it takes to ensure that every englishman , wherever he may be , is available for selection .
charles piutau rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast , in 2016-17 . the australian was infuriated by the softly-softly stance of ireland coach joe schmidt last weekend . alun wyn jones can put his body on the line for ospreys and wales .
chelsea drew 1-1 with chelsea in their premier league clash at stamford bridge . michael oliver was more decisive when cesc fabregas went to ground after feeling contact from santi cazorla . the fall was exaggerated and theatrical and that might have influenced oliver as he cautioned the spaniard for simulation .
uefa has opened a real can of worms by ordering the final 18 seconds of the european women 's under 19 championship qualifier between england and norway . back in 2005 uzbekistan were playing bahrain in the asian zone fourth-round play-off first leg . fifa ordered that the entire match be replayed which did not please either team .
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray for palace 's first goal -lrb- 2 -rrb- . but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant john brooks . the speed of it , plus two players blocking his view .
leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points , seven off safety . they will be out of the relegation zone for nigel pearson and his men . leicester have fought to get themselves in a position where they have something to play for . they have been in relegation battles and seen teams with less fight in them than these three .
tim sherwood returns to white hart lane to face tottenham on saturday . the villa boss is a passionate man but ca n't afford to let things get personal . sherwood has revived christian benteke in the same way as emmanuel adebayor last season .
calum chambers , eric dier and john stones have enjoyed excellent premier league campaigns . defence is not the easiest area for a young player to make an impression -- managers can be reluctant to trust youth in a position of responsibility . between them they have cost # 19million , so they are not exactly surprise packages .
tony mccoy thanked the racing public for making the last two months of his career the most memorable of all as their appreciation helped him cope with the thought of retirement . the northern irishman has enjoyed a farewell tour up and down the country as well as travelling over to ireland . he says the response to his retirement announcement has made his final months in the saddle easier .
ap mccoy stood with the trainer , jonjo o'neill , in the parade ring . he tried to talk but his mind was elsewhere . the 40-year-old obeyed the signal for the jockeys to mount . he was presented the champion jockey trophy by ian wright .
ap mccoy described the final day of his record-breaking career as ` the hardest day ' of his life as he left sandown on saturday night . the retiring jocket was overcome with emotion after coming third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle . princess anne , a renown horseman herself , told the racing post newspaper : ' i can only add my admiration to the epitome of a professional sportsman ' .
former real madrid ace kaka and canadian international cyle larin proved the difference as orlando city earned all three points against portland timbers . kaka sealed the win with a penalty in the closing stages of the match . aurelien collin and co stood strong in defence to earn orlando their second away win of the season .
the 19-time champion jockey could have ridden cause of causes . he was second at the 2014 cheltenham festival and then landed the four-mile national hunt chase at last month 's meeting . that marks him down as a quality performer , and he is ridden by a grand national winning jockey in paul carberry .
angel mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires following a successful career . cheltenham gold cup winner thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness his entire career . ap loves to be in 100 per cent control though the general rule is to drop your hands on the back of your mount 's neck .
jockey ap mccoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great olympian sir steve redgrave back at those who think he might perform a u-turn . the 40-year-old rider has two final rides at sandown on saturday . redgrave famously said : ` anyone who sees me in a boat has my permission to shoot me ' .
claire mccoy has decided to end his peerless career this weekend . the 15-year-old left his home in moneyglass , county antrim , to head to the respected but strict regime of an apprentice jockey 's life at the stable of jim bolger in county kilkenny . claire says seeing ` anthony ' leave left her ` heartbroken ' .
adam gemili says usain bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice . the british athlete says he is nowhere near bolt 's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon . gemili has announced his participation in the sainsbury 's anniversary games this summer .
british cyclist becky james has been sidelined for a whole year . james supported boyfriend george north during wales ' six nations campaign . the 25-year-old is hoping to get back on to the track after her recent injuries . click here for all the latest wales news .
royal bank of scotland has racked up # 50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers and warned it faces another ` tough year ' . comes after rbs was forced to put aside # 856million to cover lawsuits and fines still being decided . latest bill includes provision for compensating customers mis-sold payment protection insurance and fee-paying packaged accounts in the uk .
samantha cameron , justine miliband and miriam clegg proved once more that they are the ones who wear the trousers . they looked like a pair of lady pilots from the budget deficit airline , ready for their long haul flight to or from the land of austerity . the only accessory missing were their welfare caps , which they must have left at home .
arsenal will not start the season at the summit of england 's top-flight . the goldsands stadium , home of afc bournemouth , will host premier league football next season . the gunners only finished fifth in the last pre-war competitive season , but they were elected to rejoin the first division after the first world war in 1919 .
dame sally davies is said to be concerned at the number of children suffering from the condition , which is caused by a deficiency in vitamin d . the disease , a scourge of victorian britain , was virtually eradicated after the second world war but is returning as more youngsters are used to staying indoors playing video games than going outside .
lee joon-seok was convicted of homicide by account of his ` willful negligence ' . the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year , killing 304 people . most of the victims were teenagers who were en route to a southern island for a school trip .
palermo president maurizio zamparini has slapped a $ 50million -lrb- # 36m -rrb- price tag on paulo dybala . the inter manager was spotted at the stadio ennio tardini on sunday . palermo are wanted by manchester united , chelsea , arsenal , inter milan , juventus and psg .
arsenal drew 0-0 with chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday . theo walcott believes the gunners have been the ` best team in europe ' . the 26-year-old has yet to agree a new long-term deal at the club .
francis coquelin has defended olivier giroud after thierry henry 's claim that arsenal need a ` top quality striker ' to win the premier league next season . henry believes he must sign a new striker as well as three more players if they are to compete for the title . sky sports pundit henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title with giroud in attack .
arsenal drew 0-0 with chelsea at the emirates on sunday . olivier giroud appeared to misinterpret a question about arsene wenger praising his animal instincts in the attack in the build-up to their fa cup draw . giroud has scored 18 goals for arsenal this season .
airbus a320 had set off from incheon international airport in seoul , south korea to hiroshima , when it is believed to have missed the landing point on the runway . local media were on the scene to report on a plane that crash landed and skidded off the runway in japan .
mario gomez scored the opening goal of the game in the 43rd minute . fiorentina had one foot in the next stage of europe 's second tier cup competition thanks to khouma babacar 's all-important away goal . the home side celebrate after gomez 's fortunate shot lands in the back of oleksandr shovkovskiy 's net .
the attraction , at fancesa limestone quarry in sucre , bolivia , comprises some 462 trails made up of 5,055 prints . frequent landslides reveal new ones , some of which belong to unknown species . some of them are more than a metre in length , indicating the size of some of the vast beasts that roamed the area in the upper cretaceous period .
us researchers claim that exact prices of goods on ebay attract higher offers than those with round numbers , such as $ 1,000 . in terms of the study , the word ` odd ' is used to represent an unusual number , and not the opposite of even . competitive options for buyers and sellers can define a limit beyond which they will not go , but there is still a range of prices that fall within those limits .
manchester city host burnley at the emirates stadium on saturday . jack wilshere was in the stands for arsenal 's premier league win against liverpool . laurent koscielny will face a late fitness test on a groin injury . click here for all the latest arsenal news .
palaeontologists in china say the impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago . the strange-looking creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane . the discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air .
ravel morrison has signed a pre-contract agreement with lazio . the 22-year-old was released from his last contract at west ham . morrison is currently training with the serie a side ahead of his summer move . click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates .
australia midfielder yevhen shakhov broke the deadlock in the final 10 minutes with a left-footed drive that took a slight deflection . the midfielder latched on to a ruslan rotan pass as the ukrainian 's hit on the counter attack to settle a tie that looked to be heading for extra-time . the belgian league leaders set the record for most europa league games unbeaten after the stalemate took them to 11 without loss since the
the snaps of a cat playing with a mouse on a roof in shepton mallet , somerset , illustrate the tiny rodents face in the town . ironically the pet cat 's name is mouse . unfortunately for this mouse that 's where all similarities between the moggy and its namesakes end .
kevin gameiro saved his goalkeeper 's blushes with a late equaliser which put defending champions sevilla into the last four of the europa league . beto had looked to have cost his side their progress , before substitute gameiro arrived to slot home with five minutes remaining . it had been a risk to start the portuguese keeper , but unai emery decided it one he was prepared to take .
soldiers form small part of jaysh al-islam - or army of islam - who reportedly command as many as 25,000 loyal fighters . group claims is the ` largest military parade witnessed ' since the dawn of the syrian revolution in 2011 . dozens of masked special units show off a range of skills including close-range combat in what the group claims .
a leading data mining firm claims that between 20 and 50 social media accounts active in baltimore on monday were also used some 825 miles away in ferguson . the firm said the link suggests the presence of ` professional protesters ' or anarchists who are looking to take advantage of freddie gray 's death to incite more violence .
the visa restrictions index analyses countries ability to travel visa-free . the latest results were based on results from may 20 , 2014 . each country was given a score by global consulting firm henley and partners , who specialise in residence and citizenship planning . the score was calculated based on visa regulations of all countries and territories in the world .
lindy klim , yogi and instagram star sjana earp , wowed the crowds as they struck strong poses . the catwalk was replaced with a tennis court , the front row with stadium seating , and the usual parade of slender models walking single file was nowhere in sight .
palira isogawa sent models down the runway at mercedes-benz fashion week in sydney on wednesday morning . some models were embellished with just sequinned brows , others sported an entire mask of face bling . the new beauty trend ? models at the akira show were pictured backstage working together to apply the sequins by hand one-by-one to models ' faces .
charlie bothuell , now 13 , was found in the basement of his family 's detroit townhouse last june following an 11-day search . he testified against his father and stepmother on tuesday , saying his home was a ` very terrible ' place where he was often beaten with a plastic pipe . he revealed his treatment was so horrific , he attempted suicide in a bid to escape his parents ' torture . he was speaking publicly for the first time since he was found in
serena williams beat sara errani 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 3 -rrb- , 6-3 in a fed cup play-off . she committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th-ranked erranian . williami improved to 20-0 this year and 16-0 in fed cup for her career .
a man smacked a huge wolf spider as it scuttled across his kitchen floor . he got the shock of his life when he squashed the hairy beast . the house owner is not too happy and promptly gets out a broom . the man was heard saying : ` ahhhhh , kill it !! ' a few more whacks later .
serena williams beat carla suarez navarro 6-2 6-0 in the miami open final . the world no 1 won the final 10 games in a one-sided final . serena won her third straight title at an event she has dominated since winning her first crown back in 2002 .
the confused bird was seen swimming in the grand union canal . the puffin was spotted near the a4 flyover at brentford . it was handed to a specialist centre in dorset to recuperate . sanctuary founder dot beeson said she believes it got lost or was blown off course by recent winds .
isis jihadis are understood to have been fighting local groups in the hammam al-alil area when several of them sustained injuries requiring medical treatment . when the doctors refused on the grounds they do not support the terror group 's activities , the men were brutally murdered . news comes as the jihadis reportedly executed 60 sunni tribal fighters in iraq 's anbar province .
the child 's mother is a student at the small school in new concord , ohio , but they have refused to release her name . the baby 's body was found on wednesday night outside the delta gamma theta sorority house on lakeside drive . no charges have been filed .
chad geyen , a married father of two from ramsey , minnesota , was found dead on sunday from a self-inflicted gunshot wound at a park near his home . he had been accused of assaulting at least six boys hundreds of times , including his own foster son , between 1990 and 2013 . he was set to stand trial on five counts of first-degree and two counts of second-degree criminal sexual conduct .
barcelona beat paris saint germain 3-0 at the nou camp in the champions league semi-final . neymar opened the scoring for barcelona with a header from david luiz 's cross in the second half . the result means barcelona have won just one of their last five champions league games .
brazilian mirko ` cro cop ' filipovic made a slow start against gabriel gonzaga . after dropping his rival to the canvas , he finished the job with his elbows before the referee stepped in . the fight was turned on its head in what proved to be the final round .
turnish military says it has dropped depth charges onto a suspected submarine in the sea outside helsinki . finland , which shares an 833-mile border with russia , has been increasingly worried about its powerful neighbour after a year of russian air force sorties and military border exercises .
the 500ft-long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk , 620 miles north of moscow , on the white sea . defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out .
eugenie bouchard lost to world no 85 lesia tsurenko at indian wells . the 21-year-old was reduced to tears after crashing out of the miami open . davis posed for pictures with fellow canadian and olympic medalist walsh jennings .
serena williams will face carla suarez navarro in the miami open final . the world no 1 has a win record of 17-0 since the start of the year . serena has lost this season to agnieszka radwanska in january ' s hopman cup .
anastasia pavlyuchenkova beat germany 's sabine lisicki 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 6-3 . the result left russia needing one win from sunday 's three matches to reach the final and bag a first fed cup title since 2008 .
petra kvitova beat caroline garcia in straight sets 6-4 , 6-3 . czech republic will face germany or russia in the final in november . garcia double faulted twice in the third game of the final set to drop her serve .
harry kane is nominated for two separate awards at the grosvenor house . the pfa took to social media to announce the arrivals of the plethora of premier league names there to witness the announcement of this season 's highest rated player voted by the players . liverpool 's philippe coutinho , who is also nominated for both awards , entered the building accompanied by reds team-mates steven gerrard and kolo toure .
jonny may will start on the wing for gloucester at the stoop on friday . the 25-year-old has lost his england starting place in the final of the european challenge cup in a bid to claim a first significant piece of silverware since winning the same competition in 2006 .
serena williams beat camila giorgi 7-6 , 6-2 on saturday to give the united states a 1-0 lead over italy in a fed cup world group playoff . neither player broke serve in a highly competitive first set , which was only decided when giorgioi 's forehand clipped the top of the net . the only blemish this year came when she withdrew before the indian wells semifinals last month with a knee injury .
a series of gruesome photographs show a man being led out of a van handcuffed and blindfolded before he is executed by a masked man . his beheading is believed to have taken place in hama , syria , for being an alleged ` blasphemer ' . the series of photos are the latest images released by the militant group which is increasingly using propaganda to encourage would-be jihadi fighters .
james hook will hope to showcase his ability in the european challenge cup final against edinburgh on friday . the gloucester fly-half has n't given up on earning a wales recall ahead of this summer 's world cup . gareth anscombe is being widely touted as wales ' likely world cup utility back .
craig davies bagged a brace after eidur gudjohnsen hammered the trotters in front . cardiff dominated possession , but were undone far too easily . neil lennon 's clinical side have a 13-point buffer on those in the relegation zone .
novak djokovic beat rafael nadal in the semi-final of monte carlo . the world no 1 is bidding to win his third masters title in a row . nadal lost the first two games of the match before battling back to set up a final against sixth seed tomas berdych .
footage shows at least 30 christians being beheaded and shot by isis . at least 16 men , described by islamic state as the ` followers of the cross from the enemy ethiopian church ' , are lined up and shot in a desert area . this follows another video in february of the beheading of a group of 21 coptic christians on the beach in libya .
controversial wellness blogger belle gibson is still being investigated over claims she faked her cancer battles . police had explored the option of criminal charges being levelled against ms gibson after people began to question her cancer claims and charity work . one of the charges being considered was obtaining financial advantage by deception , but it had been dropped .
norway 's military leaders are nervous about its powerful neighbour 's presence on its ` strategically important ' coastline . some experts have criticised the shutting down of olavsvern naval base - a huge complex buried in mountainous terrain near the town of tromsoe . but fears have once again peaked after three russian ships spent the entire winter docked deep within the mountain hideaway .
german aviation regulators say they were never made aware of andreas lubitz 's mental health issues . the chilling username was discovered after analysis of a tablet computer found at his home , according to german newspaper bild . investigators also found search terms for disorders such as ` bipolar ' and ` manic depressive ' .
a joke involving fireworks led to an apartment fire near grand valley state university in michigan . one of the girls threw a lit firework at a roommate ; the firework landed in a laundry hamper , setting the contents on fire . no one was hurt , and the girl is not expected to face charges .
new england patriots quarterback tom brady updated his facebook page on wednesday with a picture of himself lying in a hospital bed in a full body cast . he had shared a video on saturday of himself jumping off a cliff into a river during his vacation . michael jordan was spotted playing some pick-up ball with the football player several days ago .
harriet arkell tested out the best hot cross buns on offer this easter . she said they could only be sold on good friday , at christmas and for burials . supermarkets bring out ever more permutations to tempt customers . they went a pretty shade of gold when heated and were delicious with some butter and strawberry jam .
stephen mcdonald , of newcastle university business school , analysed pay-by-job system . found car insurance costs have plunged for young dental nurses . but insurers have pushed up bills for young drivers who have jobs that mean they are likely to be male , such as construction workers and civil engineers .
u.s. coffee giant being probed by european commission over methods it used to lower its tax bills . could face millions in back taxes if they are found to be illegal . details emerged about uk company at the heart of the probe , which is focusing on sweetheart tax deals between starbucks and the dutch government .
delrea good of portage , indiana says that on march 23 she was charged with resisting arrest because she hit the brakes for porter county sheriff 's department patrolman william marshall about a half a mile down the road from where he asked her to halt her vehicle . good was speeding and was driving at 54 mph in a 35 mph zone at 11:21 p.m.
binge drinking as a teenager can cause long-lasting damage to the brain well into adulthood , researchers found . alcohol changes genes in brain cells , which stop the cells developing connections between them , altering behaviour , they said . professor subhash pandey , of the university of illinois college of medicine , explained that binge drinking during the teenage years disrupts the brain 's normal development .
images were taken 18 years apart , the first with the karl g. jansky very large array in new mexico in 1996 . the star is 300 times brighter and eight times bigger than our sun , although it is masked by a black cloud of space dust . but what has most excited astronomers is the change in shape of the violet area of super-hot electrified winds that are being ejected by the young star .
ee shops are planning to give away free portable chargers . once the ee ` power bar ' runs down , customers will be able to swap it for a new one at any ee shop , or spend four hours charging it up themselves at home . almost 60 per cent of smartphone users found their battery would not last a full day .
more than 5,000 people still die from asbestos-related diseases each year . award-winning artist joe joiner , from east london , has created the art installation as part of hse 's beware asbestos campaign . the installation is made up of two huge glass boxes , inside which the messages float around representing a breathing pair of lungs .
a dominican news report says the power couple spent part of their trip staying with sugar barons alfy and pepe fanjul at casa de campo , a private dominican resort they own . the news outlet listin diario reported on january 2 that the clintons discussed hillary 's presidential ambitions during the visit . both sen. bob menendez and bill and hillary clinton have holidayed there .
footage shows the screams of 36 7th graders on board as a dodge durango swerves erratically in their direction at 60 mph . it crashes into an suv on the right side of the road then ricochets across the center median . five of the 36 pupils were hospitalized with minor injuries and 11 were treated at the scene at 8.20 am in tulsa , oklahoma .
dan bilzerian was arrested for placing homemade explosives into a tractor before shooting them . the so-called ` king of instagram ' has been forced into making a public safety announcement in order to avoid jail . he says : ` if shooting exploding targets use only in intended use containers , does not mean that it is legal to mix and explode ' .
steven allison , 37 , was uploading pictures of himself in australia to facebook . he was supposed to be lying low in sydney , where he found work as a labourer . allison had already been on the run for a year when he was given a 30 month jail sentence for sexually assaulting two women .
the unofficial 2012 paperback book was revealed by a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by four sexual-assault victims . sgt. jennifer smith , who said she was sexually assaulted by a fellow airman in iraq , brought forward the songbook . she had filed an administrative complaint over the book in 2012 .
nigel farage 's controversial claim that foreign nationals with hiv should not be treated on the nhs was part of what insiders called a ` shock and awful ' strategy . but when it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs were more expensive , a decision was taken to use that example instead .
heston blumenthal 's restaurants join six other british establishments . heston 's fat duck restaurant in bray , berkshire , is eighth best restaurant in world . raymond blanc 's belmond le manoir aux quat 's aisons , at number 61 .
thomas brock , 30 , died when he was fatally shot at his home in pasadena , california , after being involved in an argument with another motorist . his widow julie brock said she and her husband had no idea who the men were . mr brock and one of the suspects got into an argument , the houston chronicle reported .
woman stuck in traffic behind president obama 's motorcade in louisville , kentucky . dispatchers received a call at 5.15 pm on thursday from a woman attempting to drive to the hospital . the mother and her baby boy were taken to hospital and both are in good health .
påhoj was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz . it clips onto the back of a standard bike using a specially-designed attachment . a child , up to a height of 3.2 ft -lrb- 1 metres -rrb- , is then strapped into the seat . parent cycles to their destination and once they arrive , can unclip the seat and push it like a regular buggy .
teachers have warned schools are having to deal with pupils across the uk speaking up to 300 languages . union conference heard that schools are struggling to cope with an influx of children arriving in classes unable to speak english . also said english-speaking children are not getting their ` fair share ' of attention .
warning : graphic content . barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo . even though the meat being slaughtered according to islamic law , something isis considers so beyond the pale that hungry refugees on the brink of starving to death are banned from eating the meat .
kansas has become the first state to ban a common second-trimester abortion procedure that critics describe as dismembering a fetus . the law bans the so-called ` dilation and evacuation ' procedure and redefines it as ` dismemberment abortion ' . the measure also has been introduced in missouri , oklahoma and south carolina , though only kansas lawmakers have passed it .
kyle knox , from london , was last seen at 10am on monday at the start of the route for the 4409-ft high ben nevis . he failed to return to his accommodation in the fort william area yesterday . police scotland said the force had no information to suggest he was an experienced walker .
hagrid the lamb was born on tuesday at three times the size of its peers . it is thought to be the biggest ever lamb born in the uk at 25lbs . his mother has recovered from the birth and both are healthy . hagrid 's owners believe he may be the largest lamb ever born in uk .
the 44-year-old academy award winner , who won best supporting actress for her role as minnie jackson , a maid , in ` the help , ' was at the grove in los angeles last week to autograph copies of her children 's book ` randi rhodes ninja detective -- the sweetest heist in history ' . but before the night was over people were dragging their kids out of line , demanding refunds on the books and stormed out of the store in disgust
the oscar nominated actress , 60 , revealed she turned down the starring role alongside james gandolfini in the landmark hbo drama . bracco chose instead the complicated role of dr. melfi , who provided the therapy that allowed new jersey mob boss tony soprano to justify many of his monstrous acts .
anthony horowitz said books by comedian david walliams are ` witty and entertaining ' . he said writers should challenge their young readers and not be ` afraid of powerful stories or serious ideas ' . green 's book , the fault in our stars , tells the story of two teenagers who fall in love while they are both dying of cancer .
boris johnson has set out his vision of ` moral purpose ' in business and politics . the london mayor praised the coalition for having kept down unemployment and not returning to the dole queues of 1980s britain . he said the fact that more jobs were being created was ` one of the absolute moral triumphs ' of the government .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was sentenced to 18 years in state prison after he was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion . victims revealed that they had received a slew of hurtful comments after their nudes were posted and one woman said she nearly killed herself . some have now said that they no longer feel ashamed for sending nude pictures .
labour shadow chancellor unveils poster claiming voters lost # 1,100 each . claims labour are planning to increase taxes by # 3,028 on ` every working family ' . but mr cameron hailed today as ` money-back monday ' with raft of tax changes coming into force putting more cash in voters ' wallets .
barbara walters says that the former white house intern would be a ` run away success ' on the view . she would attract great guests - even if casting her as a regular co-host would make it unlikely that potential 2016 presidential hopeful hillary clinton would ever appear on the show again .
rspca inspectors were called after a horse was seen living in an alleyway . the horses are thought to have been kept at the site by the side of a house . both horses were removed on wednesday after complaints from neighbours . the rspca said the situation has got worse and worse .
andreas lubitz researched suicide methods and cockpit door security . german prosecutors said an examination of a tablet computer found at his apartment revealed he had recently used internet search terms such as cockpit doors and their security . the 27-year-old was prescribed an anti-anxiety drug so strong doctors have to warn patients of the increased risk of suicide .
rand paul will launch his campaign tuesday morning in louisville , kentucky with the populist slogan ` defeat the washington machine ' . the issue made him a national figure two years ago -- domestic snooping by the national security agency -- is no longer on america 's front-burner .
officer patrick cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force . the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau launched an investigation into the incident , which occurred in the west village . footage captured by a passenger was posted online . cherry had recently had a heart attack while undergoing surgery .
jean wabafiyebazu , 17 , was killed and his brother marc , 15 , has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal in miami . dube 's ex-husband and the boy 's father said his 17-year-old son was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana , and that police arrested marc . it was not clear whether marc would be charged as a juvenile or an adult but he is due in juvenile
the two-bedroom terraced property in snodland , kent , was first rented by len and beatrice barnes in november 1915 . the couple raised their son gordon and three daughters , freda , hilda and gwendoline , in the property , which used to have an outside bathroom . a house used by five generations of the same family has been put on the market for the first time in 100 years .
michael fallon claimed labour leader was willing to trade away britain 's nuclear deterrent in order to secure power in a backroom deal with the scottish nationalists . mr miliband said the conservative campaign had ` descended into the gutter ' . claimed david cameron ` should be ashamed ' for power he is willing to weaken uk defences to win support from snp .
george osborne said labour had ` form ' on jacking up income tax . said ed balls and ed miliband would do the same if given chance after may 7 . pm stepped up his attack on tax by insisting labour was planning to drag nearly one million more people into the 40p tax rate .
photographer john chapple captured all types of landscapes , including grassy fields in england , major us cities , and sandy beaches in australia . chapple , from north devon , first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography . his website says the negatives are a huge 6 x 17 centimeters , with only four exposures per film .
the 25-year-old has pleaded not guilty to shooting odin lloyd five times in the chest and back . lloyd was found dead in an industrial park less than a mile from hernandez 's home on june 17 , 2013 . prosecutors have presented hundreds of pieces of evidence since testimony began on january 29 .
the aid agency has been negotiating for a week to deliver life-saving supplies and equipment to yemen . the coalition has conducted 11 days of air strikes against iran-backed shi'ite houthis . it is thought about 500 people have been killed in two weeks of fighting in yemen - but so far the international red cross has not been able to gain entry to the middle eastern country .
boobesh palani , 26 , passed away at wellington hospital with his friends . police released images of mr palani lying in his hospital bed . his identity was unknown at the time he was dragged from the harbour by two brave teenagers so police decided to post a picture of the him on news websites .
marina lyons , 80 , took her dog rosie to the pdsa petaid hospital in hull . the operation was successful but when marina returned home with the ten-year-old lhasa apso dog , she noticed lots of bruising on the its back . she asked the vet about it , who told her it was from the operation . she took the dog for a second opinion , when the burns were discovered .
pm visited sacred heart rc primary school near bolton today . he wants to see children who get poor sats results forced to resit them . mr cameron planned to use the classroom visit to unveil his plan . he said it was intended to inject ` more rigour and zero tolerance of failure ' .
sudheer khamitkar , 42 , shot his 38-year-old wife and two young sons in separate rooms at their tulsa home this week . the bodies were found on wednesday as officers conducted a welfare check requested by the mother 's employer after she failed to show up for work or call in sick . there was no indication of forced entry and no suspects are being sought .
last monday , over-55s have been able to withdraw all or part of their pension pots instead of being forced to buy a regular pension income for life . yesterday , the first people to cash in their pots began to receive their money . but one major provider reported that customers in their 20s had been calling up to withdraw their retirement savings .
police in santa catarina busted the gang 's lair , the loyal canine laid down alongside its owner and rolled over on its back . the incident happened during a joint police and military operation in the neighbourhood of vargem grande , in south brazil . police recovered a substantial quantity of cocaine , as well as weighing scales , guns and ammunition .
britain 's biggest banks have racked up a # 39billion bill in just three years to pay for their financial scandals . the bill has been driven by the payment protection insurance scandal , with banks setting aside # 4.7 billion to compensate customers . another # 2.3 billion was earmarked by banks including barclays , royal bank of scotland and hsbc to pay fines for rigging foreign exchange markets .
gynaecologist jonathan broome has performed more than 1,000 sacrohysteropexies in the past 15 years . he has called for the option to be made more widely available on the nhs so women of child-bearing age are not forced to choose between quality of life or the chance to have children .
david and samantha cameron talk to their nine-year-old son elwen . mr cameron blundered into a row after admitting he did not want a third term as prime minister . this time round , he may have thought he was on safer ground being questioned by his own family over the no 10 breakfast table .
researchers at the university kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in europe . the findings add to evidence that neanderthals were not the slow-witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as .
shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction . participants carry a gigantic phallus through the streets of kawasaki , japan during the shinto kanayama festival . rainy weather did n't ruin the mood at this year 's festival , which attracted thousands of spectators from japan and abroad .
the image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of albert einstein . features with a high spatial frequency -lrb- einstein -rrb- are only visible when you 're viewing them close up . the image can also be seen in a still image by anyone if they move closer and then farther away from the screen .
britain 's seven main political parties went head-to-head on thursday . nobody is expected to win a majority when votes are cast on may 7 . prime minister david cameron narrowly topped the polls assessing who ` won ' the two-hour clash against six other parties in an unusual format for britain .
jennifer drew has saved # 17,000 over three years by spending an hour a day searching for deals and coupons . among the hoard of products are 20 bottles of mouthwash , 52 bottles of baby lotion and shampoo , and stacks of dog and cat food . mrs drew and her husband , 33-year-old plasterer neil , do not have a pet .
researchers from london and edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human . it uses a process known as ` natural language generation ' -lrb- nlg -rrb- . these computer-generated weather updates are being tested by scientists . using met office data , the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating detailed reports . if the project is successful , a prototype system will be tested by generating
samantha giufre , 19 , spent months in hospital after being towed behind a vehicle along a suburban street in casula , south-west of sydney , before she was abandoned . so far one man has been charged in relation to the violent incident . police are searching for others they believe were involved .
michael mone paid # 780,700 for the duplex and had extensive works done before moving into it in 2013 . it now boasts a magnificent reception hall and stairway and is worth more than # 1 million . it is understood she will now move back into the five-bedroom mansion in thorntonhall , lanarkshire .
protesters mounted admiralty arch , which joins trafalgar square with the mall , and called for others to join them . it is not clear what their protest is attempting to highlight , as a garbled message posted on facebook by the group simply calls for ` christmas lights ... any and all radical/revolutionary messages ' .
denise huskins , 29 , was abducted by kidnappers who tied her boyfriend up on march 23 , then released one day later 400 miles away beside her parents ' home . after her ` release ' police accused them of staging the kidnapping , a claim they both strongly denied . this comes one day after the kidnappers claimed they monitored huskins ' boyfriend aaron quinn after the kidnapping so he would not go to police .
gen nakatani said the nation 's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object . he assured parliament that japan has never been invaded by extra-terrestrials . inoki , founder and former owner of new japan pro wrestling , said he did not know whether or not aliens existed .
lady penelope and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker have been given slight tweaks for the 2015 remake of thunderbirds . the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures . in a nod to 21st-century political correctness , there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added .
audrey dimitrew , 16 , of virginia accepted a spot on the under-16 chantilly juniors in november believing she would get playing time . the sophomore at woodgrove high school and her family sued the chesapeake region volleyball association on march 10 . the lawsuit seeks to let audrey transfer clubs and asks for attorney fees .
danel hall jr was walking down the street in centre point , alabama , when a man was chased by a neighbourhood dog . a third person suddenly starting shooting at the animal , but stray bullets hit danel in the stomach and the second pedestrian in the buttocks . the 10-year-old was rushed to hospital where he underwent emergency surgery to save his life .
experts have largely dismissed the almost magical powers surrounding the five-second rule . but said what type of food and where you drop it does come into play . experts say dry foods , like cookies , are less hazardous and can be ok . dry foods are things such as potato chips , lollies , nuts , crackers and uncooked rice or pasta .
geraldine alcorn , 29 , of pittsburgh , and her attorney declined to comment as they walked from a city magistrate 's courtroom wednesday . in exchange for the waiver -- which means alcorn must now stand trial on the charge or take some kind of plea bargain . the girl 's mother , a single parent , complained to school officials after finding out alcorn had visited the girl at their home while the mother was working .
the nbc sketch show parodied the daytime cnn newsroom , which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering . the ingenious producers for the skit managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the germanwings crash , u.s.-iran diplomacy , and domestic politics .
james schoenfeld , 63 , kidnapped 26 children on a school bus along with the driver in the hopes of asking for $ 5 million ransom . schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them ` buried alive ' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $ 5million ransom . the ruling will now go through an internal review that could take up to four months before a recommended parole date is sent to governor jerry brown .
luke shambrook , 11 , went missing from a campsite in victoria on friday . search co-ordinator acting senior sergeant andrew walker said luke had a `` very high pain tolerance '' , a factor that would work in his favour given he has now been missing . luke has been missing for four days .
belal khaled , 33 , is believed to have ventured into gaza earlier this year . he says he has been ` duped ' into selling the door to a local artist . but having been told of its true value , mr dardouna is now demanding the decorated door is returned .
jon huxley , 46 , hopes to cash in on the fifty shades of grey effect . he plans to install sex swings , bondage rooms and dungeons and have rooms of differing sizes to cater for couples and multiple groups . he will be hoping to recreate scenes like this from the hit film fifty shades .
summer michelle hansen , 32 , of california entered a guilty plea in february to 16 felony counts related to the sex acts which included seven counts of oral copulation of a minor . the mother of three was told during the sentencing on friday that she must also register as a sex offender for life . if she had been convicted at trial , hansen would have faced 13 years in prison .
sydney observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58 pm -lrb- aedt -rrb- and finished at 11.03 pm . wet and cloudy weather was to blame for sydneysiders missing out on the view . the beginning of the eclipse was captured from behind leaves illuminated by a street light in canberra on saturday .
the 18-year-old describes himself as an ` urban historian ' and says he likes photographing new york because it is huge and constantly changing . he says that security guards often stop him from scaling the buildings , but even if he can get past the guards , he has to tackle fierce winds which blow above the streets .
the genes for good is a facebook app designed to survey the health of millions of social network users , who can also submit spit samples to tie their survey results to their genes . it was set up by biostatisticians from the university of michigan and is available over 18s in the us . it is only currently open to people aged over 18 with a valid mailing address .
louis jordan , 37 , was picked up by a german-flagged ship at 1:30 p.m. on thursday - 66 days after he took off to do some fishing . he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat , angel , which had lost its mast and was approximately 200 miles east of cape hatteras . jordan 's family said he sailed out of a marina in conway , south carolina , on january 23
around 56,000 dogs were treated for poisoning between 2010 and 2014 . kennel club says harmless foods such as hot cross buns and onions can be killers . painkillers were the most common cause of poisoning , followed by rat and mouse bait and chocolate -- which can cause sickness , diarrhoea and fits .
marylin stoneman stole more than # 22,000 from her grandmother 's partner . the 64-year-old was entrusted with the vulnerable victim 's pin number . but the court heard she abused that trust and began withdrawing up to # 200 a day to feed her gambling habit . she admitted stealing the money but was ordered to pay back just # 1,350 .
chloe the wombat first made headlines after her special bond with her surrogate zookeeper mum emerged last december . in an adorable video uploaded to instagram by taronga zoo , chloe is seen trying to take a nap in the mud on one of the echidnas . she still rested her eyes for a moment before getting up .
abc has asked big bang theory co-creator bill prady to mastermind the revival , which would see the return of kermit the frog , miss piggy , fozzie bear and other old favorites . filming is due to take place next weekend at a disney studio in burbank , california - and will see some original muppet puppeteers take the reins again .
the jessica features removable cookies -lrb- light foam pads that sit inside a pocket within the bra -rrb- to give ample bosoms the option of extra oomph . ashley james , who starred in made in chelsea , models the bold collection in a new set of images .
match of the day presenter gary lineker labelled nigel farage a 'd *** ' . 40 per cent of voters think david cameron is ` most capable of leading the country ' . others backed snp leader nicola sturgeon and others putting ed miliband ahead . mr farage topped the list for worst and best performing leaders .
a four hundred-person mass brawl broke out friday night at a bar opening at resorts world casino in queens , new york . video posted on twitter showed angry patrons attacking one another . police and security guards tried to calm things down . four people were arrested , and will be charged in due course .
michelle obama and jimmy fallon partnered up once again to show off some self-made maneuvers to a cover of i like the way you move . it was a follow-up routine to a similar jaunt they did in 2013 , in an attempt to inspire parents to get out and get moving with their kids .
lt. col. anthony shaffer said on fox news ' the o'reilly factor on monday night that bowe bergdahl ` had afghan contacts and he was actually trying to offer himself up with the taliban ' . the former military intelligence officer said he had been told the information by two senior sources who knew about a 2009 naval criminal investigative service investigation into bergahl 's activities . the investigation reportedly included a forensic review of his computer which showed his apparent intent to travel
eu 's top antitrust authority is asking companies who previously filed confidential complaints against google for permission to publish them . if found to have been behaving unfairly , google could be fined ten per cent of its annual revenues . shopping , comparison and travel companies are among those that have been contacted by the eu .
the total lunar eclipse will be visible in the skies of north america , asia and australia . nasa is quick to point out that the change in hue is entirely harmless . the eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on september 28 .
lizzie borden and her family are buried in fall river , massachusetts . the murder and trial inspired the schoolyard rhyme : ` lizzie took an ax and gave her mother 40 whacks . when she saw what she had done , she gave her father 41 ' .
the federal court of australia has ordered australian internet companies to reveal the ip addresses of thousands of account holders . the identity of over 4,726 individuals will be provided to the copyright holder of dallas buyers club llc due to the landmark judgement . this includes their names , ip addresses and residential addresses . justice nye perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages .
french health chiefs say the uk is responsible for causing a sharp rise in the number of youngsters who binge-drink . it has slammed the practice of going out to get drunk as an ` anglo-saxon phenomenon ' . critics have said it 's a case of double standards for a country where children are encouraged to drink wine at the table from a relatively early age .
nick clegg takes part in go ape haldon forest park near exeter today . he said it was ` healthy and active fun after being on the battle bus ' . lib dem leader nick clegg said he wanted to tackle ` dangerous levels of air pollution ' which cut average life expectancy by up to eight months .
` hospital waiting-room-style ' signs are needed as rising numbers of staff are subjected to swearing and physical attacks from pupils and their families . some 82 per cent of 3,500 nasuwt members polled were verbally abused by pupils in the last 12 months , up from 52 per cent in the union 's survey last year .
maxwell morton , 16 , has been charged with murder in the death of 16-year-old ryan mangan at mangan 's home february 4 . but thomassey disputes that morton meant to kill mangan . he says the boys were horsing around with a loaded gun when mangan was shot in the left eye . morton 's lawyer and family insisted he and the victim were friends .
reality tv star and glamour model casey batchelor has unveiled her collection with honeyz.com in full . the new line is full of boho frocks , paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses perfect for the summer season . casey has also designed accessories to complement her outfits .
mike heatlie , 42 , launched violent attack on fiona mccartney outside nightclub in edinburgh because she did not give him a cigarette . heatlie was once voted as one of the city 's most eligible bachelors . but she is now facing a # 7,000 dental bill and says she is too frightened to leave her home after being assaulted by the personal trainer .
the eggs were created by 14 of the uk 's top cake artists . each of the treats is entirely edible and were made using a range of decorating techniques and sugar work . they were created as part of a feature for cake masters magazine - and feature in this month 's edition , with easter just around the corner .
nick cousins , 57 , was arrested over alleged ` ill treatment ' of blanca . it emerged police are investigating whether her birth , and that of her 14-year-old sister , were ever registered . mr cousins was also questioned over claims that his filipino partner , grace garcia cousins , 53 , had overstayed her visa by 20 years .
amedy coulibaly stormed into the hyper cacher jewish store , killing four and taking others captive before being shot dead in a hail of gunfire by french special forces . the heavily televised events in eastern paris came two days after cherif and said kouachi shot 12 people at the offices of charlie hebdo . lawyers claim french media endangered the lives of hostages hiding a freezer by revealing their location live on air .
syed viqaruddin is understood to have asked police van to stop in a deserted area . but when the blue bus stopped at about 10am , another of the prisoners ` tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape ' . two days after a gun battle in the same state left two terror suspects and a police constable dead .
raymond frolander , 18 , was beaten to a pulp by the furious father after he walked in on his son at his home in daytona beach , florida , last july . after frolander 's arrest , police released his mugshot , which saw him sporting swollen lips and eyes , black bruises and lacerations to his face . now , the defendant has been sentenced to a quarter of a century in prison after pleading no contest to lewd and lascivious molestation
the one-year-old ape found love at the third time of asking with second surrogate mother maggie at chicago 's brookfield zoo . maggie , 53 , who has already raised one surrogate child , has proved herself yet again by helping to raise kecil for the past 10 months . the two now have an inseparable bond .
passengers were made to stay in their seats as they waited for the plane to be refuelled and for a new flight crew to arrive at the airport . police were first called to the tarmac when some passengers ` kicked off ' , according to one witness . some claimed they had been waiting in the airport for up to 24 hours after earlier delays .
diwalinen vankar , 58 , had gone with her daughter kanta , 19 , to wash their clothes . as they were wringing out their laundry , a mugger crocodile grabbed kanta 's right leg and dragged her into the murky river . but the crocodile clasped its powerful jaws round her daughter with its razor-sharp teeth .
andy murray beat tomas berdych in the australian open semi-final . the scot will face his growing nemesis novak djokovic in the final . murray is through to sunday 's final of the miami open . click here for all the latest iota news .
jeanette rosenquist , 47 , was on her way to work from her home just outside copenhagen , denmark , when she spotted the bird flying out of the lamp post . the blue tit usually takes between one to two weeks to build a nest ready for the female to lay her eggs .
the then princess elizabeth was pictured in westminster abbey at the service in 1935 . she was joined by the duke of edinburgh , the dean of sheffield , and the local bishop , steven croft . the royal party then left for a reception at sheffield town hall as the recipients emerged into the sunshine .
beatrize carrion-moore , 23 , is accused of kicking a deputy in the groin and thigh several times before offering him oral sex . police were called to boonies bar in west palm beach on friday night after getting a report about a woman who was offering oral sex in exchange for money and refusing to leave the establishment . the bar manager also told police the woman was ` extremely intoxicated ' .
virgin shao , a chemical engineering student at iowa state university , went missing in september 2014 . after a three week search , police found her body stuffed in the trunk of her toyota camry in iowa city . shao 's boyfriend , xiangnan li , 23 , was listed as a person of interest in the case and is believed to have been the last person to see her alive .
haley mulholland became suspicious husband kevin was having an affair . she monitors her husband 's movements , checks his phone and sniffs him to see if she can smell another woman 's perfume . the mother-of-eight says she does not want any other woman to have him either .
ben morgan has not played since breaking his left leg during an aviva premiership game against saracens in early january . the 26-year-old remains an integral part of england boss stuart lancaster 's world cup plans . morgan recently underwent final surgery to remove a pin from his leg .
dr milton wainwright has been trying to convince academics that he has found aliens in earth 's stratosphere for several years . he says the organisms test positive for dna , and have masses that are ` six times bigger than the size limit of a particle which can be elevated from earth to this height ' . his views have been widely dismissed by the scientific community .
jose alberto , 58 , was found dead next to a scarecrow prosecutors believe he died while having sex with it . neighbours called their local council to report the smell coming from his house in san jose de balcare in eastern argentina . rodolfo moure , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office , said : ` it was lying next to the deceased ' .
survey by student newspaper the tab says 11 percent of computer scientists currently in higher education have n't had sex . 11,549 students were asked about their bedroom habits for the study , which then broke down the statistics in terms of which courses each person was enrolled on . nine per cent of physicists declared that they were still virgins .
steven abberley , 28 , hurled a tirade of abuse at politicians during a session in the house of commons in october last year . he then threw the glass balls from the public gallery , but they missed mps and hit a security screen . prosecutor mavis ramkissoon said the incident happened five minutes before the end of the weekly question-and-answer session .
the body of a newborn baby was discovered hidden in a cubicle inside a michigan office building . staff at ceva logistics , an international company specializing in freight shipping , heard moaning coming from a bathroom stall . the 26-year-old woman , who has not been named , delivered a baby that was later pronounced dead .
the a ** holeparent website has almost 4000 posts from parents all over world , admitting through their uploaded pictures to cleaning , feeding , and entertaining their children . most of the photos show children crying , followed by an explanation of exactly what their parent has done to upset them so . ' i would n't let her play with the dirty poop wipes in the trash can , ' posted one parent alongside a picture of their daughter sobbing in a highchair .
the 45-year-old man underwent the ` world 's most complex ' face transplant to reconstruct his neck , mouth , tongue and throat . doctors said the 27-hour procedure is the most difficult surgery they have carried out to date . other specialists from the hospital 's plastic surgery and liver transplant departments were also brought in to advise on the procedure .
the inscriptions were found in naours - a two-hour drive north of paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare . the site 's proximity to the battlefields , where more than a million men were killed or wounded , adds to the discovery 's importance .
justin bieber , best friends zoe and eleanor settle themselves on to the bed and press play on the webcam of their computer . but they 're not about to video-chat with friends or a relative abroad . half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets .
scar booth , which is available from the apple itunes store for 79p , offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposes onto selfies . anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising , or ` glorifying ' abuse and brutality .
the gilmore gas station was a backdrop for was listed as a los angeles cultural monument in 1992 . starbucks worked with a historical consultant to ensure the character of the building was preserved during the renovation . the petrol station was also where reggie hammond informed jack cates of the location of the stolen money in the 1982 comedy 48 hours .
the cable company complained to the better business bureau 's national advertising division -lrb- nad -rrb- that the ads featured a number of false claims . the ads all ended with lowe saying : ` do n't be like this me -- get rid of cable and upgrade to directv ' . the nad also recommended that directv ` either discontinue the price claim featured in the `` scrawny arms rob lowe '' commercial or modify it to reflect the price of a
officials in buckinghamshire and surrey raised the alarm over the chinese made decorations as they were ` likely to contravene food imitation safety rules ' . the eggs bear a striking similarity to the sugar-coated chocolate treats with a brown ` speckle ' designed to make it look like a quail 's egg .
gelsomina squatriti , 82 , works to restore doll 's leg in rome , italy , 60 years ago . family business first began restoring delicate items such as ceramic , tortoiseshell and mosaics . but soon the dolls took over the shop , where they are given a new lease of life .
researchers analyzed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from the sterkfontein caves to gauge its age . the findings may have important implications about the . evolutionary relationships among humankind 's ancient relatives . our species , homo sapiens , appeared roughly 200,000 years ago .
scientists from cambridge university and oxford brookes university say that new diseases carried by modern humans may have led to the downfall of neanderthals . they have found evidence that suggests our prehistoric cousins would have been infected by diseases such as tuberculosis , typhoid , whooping cough , encephalitis and the common cold . but some genes we inherited could have also improved our immunity to other diseases .
clare hines , then 27 , was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures for 10 years but had recently noticed her balance was gone . she was struggling to hear out of her right ear . after a number of tests doctors discovered she had a benign tumour that had wrapped itself around her acoustic , facial and balance nerve . she went against doctors ' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son . but in february 2012 , one week before she was due to
pete evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain ` sumo salad ' . the food chain are strongly denying that this move is related to evans ' recent paleo controversies . this comes at the same time that evans announced that his disputed baby cookbook ` bubba yum : the paleo way ' will become a self-published digital book to be released this month .
rebecca eldemire , 21 , was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 magnum by her boyfriend , 27-year-old larry tipton . after shooting tiptipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself . when rebecca called 911 the night before her murder for help getting away from her boyfriend .
scientists believe life on earth began evolving around 3.8 billion years ago . but while they have been able to put a date on when life appeared . now researchers in the us and italy say they have evidence that dna-like fragments may have come with ` instructions ' that guided their growth into complex life forms .
at 65 , sarah 's face was transformed after the exercises . ah , those . i remember my mum slathered in vaseline , gurning in a club sport tracksuit while i ate my coco pops , invariably wearing the deely bobbers i insisted on sleeping in between 1983 and 85 .
more than 3,000 students are facing an unexpected decision after they received acceptance notices from the university of florida . they were accepted as freshmen by the university in gainesville for the fall after sending in applications for traditional first-year slots . but after reading their congratulations notices , they apparently realized they would need to agree to spend their entire first year taking classes on the internet .
james ramirez , 37 , said he has concerns over the care of his wife gillian nelson , 34 , who died after complications arose with the birth of their son wesley . he was called to the princess royal university hospital at about 3.45 am on january 28 , 2014 after she had gone in to labour .
the dome-like hue go can be controlled wirelessly from any ios or android device via the philips hue app or any app developed for the lamp . linked to wi-fi , it can connect up to 50 bulbs at a time . the bridge also connects a system to the wider world .
the university of houston said in a statement tuesday that it was paying mcconaughey speaking fees totaling $ 135,000 plus travel expenses , as well as a $ 20,250 commission to the celebrity talent international booking agency engaged by the university . meanwhile , the university initially balked at revealing the actor 's fee , citing a confidentiality agreement with the booking agency .
militants fighting for the islamic state in syria and iraq are being led by a highly secretive group of strategists . almost all of the regional commanders appointed by isis ' leader and self-declared caliph , abu bakr al-baghdadi , played prominent roles in the baathist army before the 2003 invasion of iraq . one of the most prominent former iraqi army generals within isis was abu muslim al-turkman
scott suggs , 28 , and brandy kangas , 36 , were arrested after police received an anonymous tip regarding the welfare of their children , a 17-month-old boy and two girls , aged three and four . when police arrived at their home in fredericksburg , virginia , they discovered the youngsters locked in a ` sparsely furnished ' room . the room was stained with human urine and had a homemade ` gate ' , which the children appeared to have been fed
isis militants entered the yarmouk camp as jordan closed its only functioning border crossing with the country . the militants reportedly entered the camp from the nearby hajar aswad neighborhood in southern damascus in a coordinated attack with their rivals in the al qaeda-affiliated nusra front . the palestinian-run refugee camp has been under government siege for nearly two years .
gertrude pitkanen took babies from their mother 's arms seconds after they were born and handed them to their adoptive parents . as the infants were driven to their new homes , the families were sometimes forced to throw their afterbirth out of the window because they were removed so quickly . these transactions formed the basis of a lucrative , illicit market that started in butte , montana , in 1920s .
huw davies , 34 , has been searching for permanent employment for 13 years . as well as his bsc -lrb- hons -rrb- degree , he has three a-levels and 10 gcses on his cv . he has also spent time teaching in south africa , kuwait and the desert kingdom of saudi arabia .
faith and hope howie were born on may 8 last year with one body and two faces due to an extremely rare condition known as disrosopus . they died in hospital less than a month after they were born and their parents , simon howie and renee young , laid them to rest at pinegrove memorial park in sydney 's west . their family and friends had built up a small memorial with pink and white statues , flowers , pebbles and toys over the past 11
sabrina broadbent tetzner , 32 , fled the sect headed by convicted rapist warren jeffs eight years ago . but when she tried to pick up her children , she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids . she was met by 600 cult members physically barring the reunion .
clare goldwin admits that she will sometimes fork out for boden 's brightly printed clothes for her daughter but not herself as she does n't want to be labelled a boden ` yummy mummy ' . the company has experienced more challenging times . profits plummeted 42 per cent in 2011 and , while they rose again in 2012 , they remained flat for 2013 .
the man was in a car filled with a group of young white men when he screamed ` hey n ***** s ! ' at them on friday and drove away . several bystanders witnessed the incident , including a local news reporter for wcsh 6 and wlbz 2 , jackie ward . she shared her account of the story on facebook , as a ` reminder for us to be kinder to each other ' .
stars such as poldark , vikings , outlander and game of thrones are dressing up their key actors in breeches , leather and chain metal . the dimly-lit period setting - think candlelight and flaming torches - only serves to accentuate the mean and moody looks .
bikram yoga founder bikram choudhury has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple students . the 69-year-old has his name attached to 720 yoga schools in 220 countries . chelsea clinton , madonna and demi moore are among his followers . he has denied the accusations .
katja wassermeyer -lrb- katja-wassermeyer-photographer -rrb- is one of the many photographers who has embraced the trend . grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag #grannyhair .
the pictures show a wide divide between the aspirations set out for girls and boys . babygros reading ' i hate my thighs ' and ` i 'm super ' left customers in one store feeling cross . the #notanaprilfools feed was launched by campaign group let toys be toys .
officials at the state 's department of human resources confirmed monday that their investigation had been completely closed . harper lee , 88 , was not manipulated into publishing her sequel to to kill a mockingbird , and is not an elder abuse victim , according to an official probe . lee lives in an nursing home in monroeville , alabama , and has reportedly been deaf and blind since 2007 .
mick schumacher made his pre-season test debut at the oschersleben circuit . but at one point was pictured accidentally driving through gravel . the 16-year-old , whose father won the formula 1 championship seven times , reached the new category after seven years of karting .
chris and nicole peppelman were found dead inside their lower moreland , pennsylvania home tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons . mrs peppelman 's death is being classified as a homicide - suggesting that the incident may have been a murder-suicide . the bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw .
demelza poldark is now the proud mother to the show 's latest addition . he may have married his red-headed kitchen maid out of duty . but as he tells her that she makes him a better man , audiences can have little doubt about his feelings . the previous episode being the announcement of the pregnancy , it is quite a jump to the start of tomorrow 's instalment where demelza talks about being eight months pregnant .
kalman kallai enjoyed the spectacular canadian scenery from the comfort of a green chair while journeying from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia for work purposes . the traveller sits before corn , a café , boats and water , before he is featured rocking and making gestures with his hand . he wears a green hoody , blue jacket and hat -- clothing items that remain a running theme throughout the course of the video .
more than 100 firefighters have been called to fight a six-alarm blaze at general electric 's appliance park in louisville , kentucky . the fire broke out in a non-production building , creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away as 200 firefighters battled the blaze . the cause of the fire , which began around 7am , is not yet known .
all saints church in wolverhampton re-scheduled the service , which marks the start of easter celebrations , so that vulnerable women can attend their regular thursday sessions . religious leaders have praised the initiative , which has been running since last august , as reflecting the core values of christianity .
bbc1 helped bbc1 deliver its strongest start to a year for a decade . about 8.1 million people on average have watched each episode . the series , based on winston graham 's novels , follows ross poldark after he returns from the american war of independence .
french military said rescue of sjaak rijke took place at 5am today . french president francois hollande said some militants were killed . but there was no immediate word on fate of two men abducted at the same time . mr holland appeared in video posted in november by al qaeda in the islamic maghreb .
sales of lobster , oysters , prawns and fish will increase by 80 per cent over the easter holiday . the grape can suit every budget , with excellent options ranging from $ 11.50 for hardys siegersdorf through to $ 31.99 for taylors st andrews .
jennifer houle , 22 , vanished from a bar in minneapolis in the early hours of friday and was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone on the 10th avenue bridge . authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge , which is 110ft above the river . following days of searches , a body was recovered on wednesday .
the 26-year-old south african bombshell oozes old hollywood glamour in the series of shots , which see her don a platinum blonde wig , a crimson pout and a dramatic cat-eye flick . max factor , which celebrates its 80th anniversary this year , is the brand widely accredited for transforming monroe from a mousy brunette to a knockout blonde back in 1935 .
mike whitehead was standing against labour 's alan johnson in the hull west and hessle constituency in yorkshire . tories this morning revealed they had already dropped mr whitehead as their candidate after he revealed he was planning to stand as an independent against a tory councillor .
the ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city who not only want exposure for their new business . also to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel that city has got too expensive for them . the billboards are more about advertising detroit 's entrepreneurial and creative opportunities .
lindsey walker spent a holiday from hell at the rex hotel in whitley bay , north tyneside . tiles were broken and loose in the bathroom , which could have easily caused injury . ms walker 's room included wallpaper hanging in shreds , holes in the walls , broken tiles and lingering filth from previous occupants .
amber rachdi , 24 , from troutdale in oregon , weighed 11st - the same as the average adult woman . 19 years later , she was ashamed of her enormous 46st -lrb- 657lb -rrb- frame . but after doctors warned she would be dead by the age of 30 , she plucked up the courage to make a change .
antonio valente , from dallas , texas , first learned of the ruse when he received a message from marianne heinrich two weeks ago . she told him that someone using the name ` johnson michael lynn ' had created a fake facebook profile using photos of him and his daughter . when he said he needed money to pay taxes in england , he wired him $ 4,000 . she soon realized she had been conned and used an image from the profile
kim callaghan , 39 , piled on the pounds after the birth of her two children . the mother-of-two slimmed down to a slender 9st 10lb after taking up exercise and swapping starchy meals for smaller portions . kim 's wardrobe was limited to size 28 figure-hiding garments .
scientists at the university of california santa barbara found a new type of virus that infects them . they believe it may be viruses like this that actually hold the secret that have allowed archae bacteria to adapt to some of the harshest environments on earth . this is because the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in .
piper and william kulk were involved in a two-car collision on new south wales ' central coast at about 5.15 pm on saturday . they were travelling with their mother , chantelle boddy , 31 , and elder brother daniel , 12 , when it is believed their holden astra aqua-planed spun out of control . all three siblings were sitting in the back of the car when the wet weather accident occurred .
the march jobs data raised uncertainties about the world 's largest economy , which for months has been the envy of other industrialized nations for its steadily robust hiring and growth . employers now appear wary about the economy , especially as a strong dollar has slowed u.s. exports , home sales have sputtered and cheaper gasoline has yet to unleash more consumer spending .
the women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves . mary queen of scots , who washed herself in white wine , had some interesting methods . she mixed donkey-milk with crocodile dung to create a face mask and also bathed in rose petals to leave her skin smelling sweet .
former capitol hill staffer donny ray williams slipped an intern ambien in 2010 before having sex with her while she lay unconscious . that same year , he had sex with a woman too inebriated to give her consent , prosecutors say . despite admitting his guilt in december , he 's undergone 20 surgeries and still faces more life threatening operations .
the overbearing dish contains a whopping 945g of protein . it was made to order using 150 fresh eggs and contains 12,000 calories . chef ally , who prepared the masterpiece as a festive promotion , said it was the biggest food challenge he has ever taken on but was pleased with the end result .
bobbi ann house , 39 , hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts . this time it is both house and her new husband , zackerie house , 27 , who police are after , accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $ 13,500 . the purchases started in western oregon in early march , then moved through oregon coastal towns and into colorado and oklahoma .
the country is due to repay a # 330million loan to the international monetary fund on thursday but there were concerns the heavily indebted nation would default on the payment . deputy finance minister dimitris mardas said that greece will in fact make the payment on time . sources close to the ruling syriza party claimed the government was prioritising paying wages and pensions over any loans due .
louise redknapp says that a wide-leg trouser can come as a welcome relief from the skinny jean . the stylish pair agree that denim is the easiest way to achieve the trend . gucci revisited the seventies with a collection filled with flared jeans in vintage washes .
bob katter said the government believes mr gordon would quit after he was recently accused of domestic violence . mr katter , federal mp for kennedy , is of lebanese descent . he said he 's been personally subjected to racist attitudes from both major parties in the past , and that he sympathised with gordon 's position .
officer patrick cherry launched his tirade after the uber driver hooted at him . the driver , named only as humayun , tried to repeatedly apologise to detective cherry . detective cherry is now under investigation by the civilian complaint review board . the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau is investigating the incident .
three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs . the lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company 's california headquarters and spread to programs in florida and several other locations .
the western esplanade cul-de-sac has gone on sale for # 4million . it featured impressionists playing celebrities such as michael caine and keith richards living as neighbours . the homes were built between 1909 and 1910 by developer michael paget baxter when overcrowding on british beaches in their heyday .
denise chiffon berry , 44 , and her son were driving in hawthorne , california on wednesday afternoon when they passed by three men in a cadillac . the mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene , but someone in the car did n't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy . ms berry feared the men were following her so she pulled over near the 14200 block of kornblum ave to tell
only 28 of 700,000 babies born in the uk in 2013 were given the name . the name was the 147th most popular in britain in the early 1950s . in 2013 , it did n't even make the top 1,000 , according to the office of national statistics .
danny lambo has bought his girlfriend a # 10,000 easter present . the 37-year-old hotelier has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth . the bespoke gift costs # 1,000 each time to fill - with melted chocolate containing an astonishing 1.3 million calories .
kris wardle , who lives in leicester , thought his world was complete when he married his long-term girlfriend katrina in 2011 with her son , mark , acting as best man . however , less than two years later , the hgv truck driver would be a widower , after his wife was killed in a frenzied knife attack by now 21-year-old mark . kris said mark was very quiet and only interested in his computer games .
manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show . the model and host both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before contestant andrea had finished guessing . a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by the model hired to reveal the answers on the daytime quiz show .
california gov. jerry brown said wednesday that he had signed an executive order requiring the state water resources control board to implement measures in cities and towns to cut water usage by 25 percent compared with 2013 levels . brown 's order will require campuses , golf courses , cemeteries and other large landscapes to significantly cut water use .
cambridge graduate svetlana lokhova was driven to a mental breakdown . workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user , dubbed her ` miss bonkers ' , and said she was hired only because of her looks . she was awarded # 3.14 million for lost earnings , # 44,000 for hurt feelings and # 15,000 in aggravated damages by judges .
former big issue salesman james bowen has sold more than four million copies of a street cat named bob . the 36-year-old has also churned out multiple spin offs -- earning # 500,000 in just three years . bowen , who has a personal accountant , talks of helping remain desperate for a roof over their heads .
a health expert has slammed parents for not taking vaccination seriously after 19 children attending a primary school in north brisbane contracted whooping cough . parents have been urged to take children with any symptoms to their family doctor . the sunshine coast daily reports that infectious diseases expert professor matthew cooper attributed the outbreak to an anti-vaccination trend .
researchers at the university of connecticut say we know how far away the source of a sound is by listening to the echoes it produces . in a study they found that the reverberation of sound helps us locate the distance of , for example , a car passing round a bend or a person nearby . from their heavy build and short limbs , to the shape of their skull and teeth , there are many ways that the anatomy of neanderthals differed to our own .
christopher bridger , 25 , attacked three women after separate drinking sessions . he was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year . hcpc conduct and competence committee removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as ' a serious breach of trust ' .
siobahn o'dell , 17 , from north carolina , applied to duke university . but on march 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade . she said : ` after careful consideration , i regret to inform you that i am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the fall 2015 freshman class at duke ' .
linsey ` jade ' berardi , who appeared in season 12 of bad girls club : chicago which aired in may 2014 on oxygen . the network confirmed her passing in a statement on friday : ` we are deeply saddened by the loss of linsey ' . she is reportedly survived by her parents , a brother , and a sister .
queensland disabilities minister coralee o'rourke called it a ` cold , heartless decision ' by the federal government . maria sevilla and her son , tyrone , will be forced out of the country within 28 days . the single-mum initially had her visa application rejected because her son 's autism would be a ` burden on the australian health system ' .
kim jong-un has ordered the recreation of the famous ` pleasure troupe ' of young women that north korean leaders have traditionally employed to entertain them . the eccentric autocrat has demanded his advisers find suitable new women for the role , as the previous members retired and were married off to military generals .
brittany lyn hilbert of orlando , florida was charged with domestic violence battery and battery of a person over 65-years-old . the victim 's identity has not been released . the alleged victim told police he was dating her for 18 months , adding that they 've been living together for two months .
jaye cox and her husband , matthew , decided to deliver their daughter annabelle at just 20 weeks in canberra hospital . scans showed she had developed a serious form of spina bifida . the cox 's parents contacted angel gowns to help the couple create a dress from jaye 's wedding gown to bury her in .
japanese engineers have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer matsuko deluxe into the limelight . the late-night television star shared the stage with his ` matsukoroid ' doppelganger for the first time on saturday night . mr matsuko 's make is debut at the weekend and has been described as ` unnervingly real ' .
david cameron took advice from martial arts pupils about the best way to deal with the ukip leader when they go up against each other . mr cameron later backtracked , insisting there will be ` no bodily contact ' during the debate . all of the party leaders have spent the day preparing for tonight 's debate .
four out of ten britons betting on the grand national won last year by pineau de re , make their choice purely down to the name of the horse . 70 per cent of women admit relying on pot luck . a surprising 60 per cent said their secret superstition was to have the same family members gathered around the tv watching the race every year .
dnainfo new york obtained pictures of the sign posted by property managers that warned only certain residents of the building were allowed access to the gym . the human rights commission said in a notice filed thursday that there 's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the stonehenge village complex 's fitness room .
robert streeter and robert hoehn set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for members of the general public . now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests -- so you can discover if you are a genius ...
mehmet selim kiraz died after two members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse in istanbul and took him hostage . the 46-year-old turkish prosecutor died in hospital when two left wing extremists stormed a turkish courthouse . turkey initially demanded domestic newspapers stop running the ` terrorist propaganda ' images , before going on to block access to twitter , facebook and youtube .
the fbi said wednesday that zulkifli bin hir , a malaysian member of the al qaeda-linked jemaah islamiah militant group , is dead . the reward offered by the us state department for the arrest was $ 5million . hir was born 1966 in muar , johor , according to his profile at the national counterterroism center .
labour will ban bosses employing regular staff on zero-hours contracts . mr miliband said it was ` not good enough ' for millions of workers not to know how many hours they would be working from one week to the next . comes after david cameron struggled to say if he could live on a contract .
jennifer barnett worked archway school in stroud , gloucestershire , between 1980 and 1997 . she was diagnosed with mesothelioma - a cancer whose most common cause is asbestos . her husband , nigel , told an inquest into her death in january that his wife had to cut sheets of asbestos while working on a farm in her 20s .
avril lavigne has revealed she has lyme disease . the 30-year-old has no idea where she got the tick bite that infected her . symptoms of the disease range from headaches and joint pain to severe fatigue , heart palpitations , paralysis of the face and even dementia . if not caught and treated early enough with antibiotics the condition can persist for years .
violent spectators might not be the only ones to face strict disciplining after friday 's nrl match . canterbury forwards james graham and david klemmer could face sanctions for their unacceptable behaviour on the field . nrl head of football todd greenberg revealed that the match review committee would ` look very closely at ' their behaviour .
tomas driukas was arrested after paramedics were called to his home . his daughter was taken to birmingham children 's hospital with breathing difficulties . the 22-year-old mother , identified by neighbours as renata braskyte , has been released on bail pending further enquiries . detectives arrested the baby 's parents on suspicion of murder yesterday .
sue townsend , author of the bestselling adrian mole books , left # 1,106,163 in her will . the book was followed by seven sequels , selling in total more than eight million copies . ms townsend left the bulk of her estate in trust , with her second husband colin broadway and her four children named as beneficiaries .
radar images from europe 's sentinel-1a satellite have revealed the aftermath of the nepal earthquake in unrivalled detail . by comparing before and after images , scientists have discovered mount everest shrank by about one inch due to the land that was shaken in the natural disaster . the tallest point in the world , still stands at 29,029 feet , according to the weather channel .
kady marsh took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular sydney hotel . the mother-of-two was in town for her best friend 's wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family . when she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel 's lounge area with baby isla , she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she could n't breastfeed because the area was for ` over 18s only ? ' .
mike hand from haydock became wheelchair bound after being diagnosed with a tumour on his spinal cord . the 39-year-old is almost ready to leave st helen 's hospital after undergoing surgery and rehabilitation . the couple were told that because they do n't claim any income support or benefits , they would have to earn ` virtually nothing ' to receive the grant .
gertrude weaver , 116 , of camden , arkansas , has become the world 's oldest living person . with the death of 117-year-old misao okawa in japan on wednesday , weaver became the oldest person in america . weaver would like to meet the president at her birthday party because she has voted for him twice .
the average cost of property in salcombe , devon , now tops the average cost in london . the average value of a waterfront property tops # 2million , putting it ahead of some of london 's priciest postcodes . salcombe made headlines last spring when it was named britain 's most expensive seaside resort .
richard hutchinson , 40 , from thornaby-on-tees , north yorkshire , has been jailed for two years . the pair fell out over a debt of # 300 but had not paid it all back . the married father said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money and he wanted to ` sort it out ' .
new evidence was uncovered by dr sergey leshchinsky , from tomsk state university . he spent a decade analysing bone and teeth samples from mammoths . mammoths roamed western europe and russia between 10,000 and 30,000 years ago . until now it was thought that the woolly mammoth simply died out from post-ice age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man .
oscar hübinette shredded through the snow on the tolbachik volcano on the kamchatka peninsula in russia . his friend fredrik schenholm looked on in amazement as oscar flew down the icy slopes while lava from the 12,000 foot tall volcano bubbled furiously behind him .
the 28-year-old was diagnosed with the cancer seven months into her pregnancy . doctors told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy but both would require her to have a blood transfusion . her treating haematologist at the prince of wales hospital in randwick , dr giselle kidson-gerber said the risks of her refusal to accept blood . legally in australia the mother has the right to make decisions on her behalf and her
the daxing internet addiction treatment centre -lrb- iatc -rrb- has so far welcomed 6,000 mostly young , mostly male patients -- and claims to have ` cured ' 75 per cent of them . the centre believes internet addiction leads to brain problems similar to those from taking heroin .
the first generation ipad was revealed by the late steve jobs in early 2010 . but at the time it was met with ridicule as experts struggled to see how it would prove popular . five years and 225 million units later , it seems many critics have been proved wrong - for now . but opinion soon swung back in apple 's favour .
` my son seth , signed the petition asking me , dad , the governor , to veto this bill , ' hutchinson said during his press conference . seth told daily mail online that ' i love and respect my father very much , but sometimes we have political disagreements , just as many families do , ' he said . ` i 'm proud to have made a small contribution to the overall effort to stop discrimination against the lgbt community in arkansas , the state that i love
jermaine kellman , 29 , marvin sempler , 30 , clinton jackson , 25 , and darren lewis , 34 , targeted the couple in their 80s . they were tipped off that money was kept in their home in welwyn garden city , hertfordshire . mrs fisher , then 81 , awoke in total darkness in the early hours of 31 july last year confronted by four men wearing white balaclavas and gloves . lewis
the child , whose name has not been released , suffered fatal injuries in the incident at grant elementary school in dumont , new jersey on march 6 . on wednesday , police released a report after an investigation into his death . the fifth-grader had been playing chess with another student during a morning recess period when he became upset that his opponent did n't say ` checkmate ' .
robert durst , 71 , was arrested on march 14 on charges of possession of a gun with a controlled substance . he was released on bail on thursday and will be tried for the 2000 murder of his longtime friend susan berman . the real estate scion is awaiting extradition to face murder charges in california .
ena was originally named ena , the historic steam yacht was designed in 1900 and built the following year . now it is on the market after having served in world war i and being salvaged after it sunk in 1981 . designed by walter reeks more than a century ago , the yacht is said to be one of only three that remains in the world today .
at the bottom of the chocolate egg scale is the mini solid egg . around four of them equate to 550 kilojules . any child , or grown adult for that matter , out on an easter scavenger hunt . you would need to run for about half an hour to burn off a hollow chocolate egg .
bob barker , one of six vessels known to illegally fish vulnerable toothfish , sunk off the coast of africa on monday . crew on sea shepherd vessel bob barker found themselves taking on the role of saviours when the boat 's distress signals were sounded . the conservation organisation 's ships collected and delivered to authorities over 72 kilometres of illegal gillnet that it alleges was abandoned by the vessel in december .
church of england 's ambitious plans involve harnessing the energy of bath 's 45 °c spring water to power a modern heating system for the building . the idea has been in the pipeline for years , but now excavation work has begun to determine whether it 's possible to connect a modern hot spring .
president milos zeman has been criticised by ambassador andrew schapiro over his plans to attend the annual parade in moscow , despite the crisis in ukraine . in response to the critique , president zeman said ambassador schapan is no longer welcome in the prague castle , the seat of presidency .
houses with a waitrose nearby cost 12 per cent more -- or # 38,831 -- than those in surrounding areas that were n't near a branch . but having a budget shop nearby means your house could sell for less . lloyds bank investigated average house prices in postal districts that have chain supermarkets nearby .
staff at scooter 's coffee , in omaha , were locked out of the page for almost 24 hours , starting at 5pm on sunday . instead of the usual images of smoothies , coffees and cookies , the page was plastered with adult cartoons - similar to those posted on delta air lines and crayola 's pages . from 5pm sunday until almost the same time the next day , followers of the shop 's facebook page were sent links such as this one .
mother-of-four lianne hindle suffered a cardiac arrest in december . the 37-year-old 's death came just months after three babies and one mother died at the royal oldham hospital . ms hindle 's partner chris barnes and his sister karen have called for action to prevent further tragedies .
archbishop of canterbury called on christians to use non-violent means of resistance when faced with persecution by extremists . in the wake of the slaughter of christian students in kenya and the barbarity of islamic state militants , the most reverend justin welby said the dead were ` martyrs ' .
bette carouze , 78 , from brighton , loves all night parties and regularly enjoys nights out . she admits that proffering a bus pass in the early hours while ` stinking of vodka ' can be a bit embarrassing . mrs carrouze says other pensioners are boring and spend their time complaining about sore knees and their false teeth .
rekha nagvanshi , 30 , had turned on her husband 's parents at the home she shared with husband deepak , 34 , in the district of indore in central india 's madhya pradesh state . she was said to be unhappy about her arranged marriage and felt she was being treated poorly . but after moving out , he begged her to go back for the sake of their four-year-old daughter .
adam rushton took advantage of being a beat officer to have sex with women . the 37-year-old officer was found guilty of five counts of misconduct . he was acquitted on the remaining counts of breaching data protection rules . rushton was also convicted of having sex with a different woman at her house .
the 28-year-old flame-haired beauty recently spent a stint on the stage , starring in a west end production of david mamet 's speed the plow . she seems intent on remaining in the uk for the foreseeable future . lindsay 's leather number is available to purchase for just under $ 1,000 .
jennifer williams , of jeff davis county , said that she would not sell flowers for a gay commitment ceremony or wedding but ` it does n't mean that i love them any less ' . conservative christian shop owners have recently come under fire after an indiana pizzeria made national headlines for being the first store to refuse service to gay customers under new legislation .
photographer john massung was flying over sebastian inlet on thursday when he saw hundreds of sharks swarming just 100 feet from the beach . massung says he flew for about a mile down the shore and that the hordes of sharks never ended . a fellow photographer was even further out and saw the same scene .
china 's navy rescued 225 foreign nationals and almost 600 chinese citizens from the danger zone . they included 176 people from pakistan with the remainder from ethiopia , singapore , italy , germany , ireland , britain , canada and yemen . russia also sent in planes brought back 300 subjects , including diplomatic staff and civilians from the capital , sanaa .
the defendants - including teachers , a principal and other administrators - were accused of falsifying test results to collect bonuses or keep their jobs in the atlanta school system . the educators fed answers to students or erased and changed the answers on tests after they were turned in to secure promotions or up to $ 5,000 each in bonuses . the 11 will all be sentenced on april 8 and could face up to 20 years in prison for the racketeering charges .
joni mitchell has suffered from morgellons disease throughout her life , and has recently dedicated herself to trying to get it accepted as a medical condition . sufferers say they are constantly itching , and large sore develop on their skin from which colorful fibers grow . this is far different than the way many in the medical community describe the disease however , which is incredibly rare and effects predominantly middle-aged white women .
jamyra gallmon , 21 , has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 . the woman admitted to police that she set up the lawyer using a masculine-sounding email address and went to the upscale donovan hotel with the intention of robbing him . the victim was found with multiple stab wounds to the back , groin and abdomen along with one wound which pierced his heart and another which hit his spinal cord .
former irs official lois lerner wo n't be charged with a crime for defying a congressional subpoena and refusing to answer questions . she offered a self-serving opening statement before clamming up during a may 22 , 2013 hearing . the department gave conservative groups with words like ` patriots ' or ` tea party ' in their names extra scrutiny , slow-walking their applications and keping many in limbo for years .
more than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in holborn , london . the blaze has now been brought under control , and firefighters still do not know the cause of the fire . tonight 35 firefighters and police officers remain at kingsway , where flames were seen erupting from a manhole cover yesterday .
mary was born 12 weeks early at alder hey children 's hospital in liverpool . her parents were reported to social services five times between 2008 and 2012 . small amounts of painkiller and anti-depressant drugs were also found in the infant , known as mary , who died suddenly in 2013 . a review released today has called for a host of lessons to be learned .
tracy stratton said her daughter , tianni , suffered physical attacks and verbal abuse at greenacres primary school in eltham , south east london . she claims the seven-year-old has been left so traumatised that she has almost stopped talking and is afraid to leave the house . a psychologist diagnosed tian with ptsd , she is now claiming damages from the royal borough of greenwich council .
ed miliband confessed that he ` blubbed ' during the british film pride . it centres on the 1984 miners ' strike and the plucky underdogs are a london-based group of gays and lesbians who travel to south wales to express their solidarity with the local branch of the national union of mineworkers .
joseph mcenroe , 36 , from carnation , washington , was convicted of slaying four adults and two children - aged three and five - in 2007 by a jury last week . the same 12 people that found him guilty are now determining whether he will be executed or sentenced to life in prison without parole . in an attempt to spare his life , he told the court on thursday he ` thought ' he had to kill wayne anderson , 60 , and judy anderson ,
samantha cameron reveals her doctor has told her : ` no way , jose ' . she was pregnant throughout the 2010 campaign , and gave birth to florence . couple cooed over seven-week-old regan on a visit to chorley , lancashire .
shauna mcglasson , 25 , was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles at the alice and wonderland ride in august last year . the toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself . shauna has since dropped seven stone and now weighs in at just over 10 stone .
david and margaret-ann rous were on an easter getaway when their private plane crashed into hills during bad weather . the pair had arranged a secret visit using mr rous 's light aircraft to see his wife 's mother and sister on an island in the inner hebrides . but when the couple failed to turn up at the island 's airstrip and radar contact could not be made with the plane .
the 39-year-old played an 18-hole practice round on tuesday at augusta national , and golf channel said he was seen on the practice range friday morning . woods , a four-time masters champion , last competed at the farmers insurance open on february 5 at torrey pines .
mcdonald 's announced wednesday that it will increase starting wages for full - and part-time employees to a dollar over the minimum wage . the company said the increase will be instituted starting july 1 . it expects the average wage to be more than $ 10 an hour by the end of 2016 .
obama aides katie fallon and jen psaki are expecting babies in may and july of this year . fallon says the president is constantly checking up on her health , making sure she 's attending her doctor 's appointments . she is currently serving as the president 's legislative director .
jessica ainscough , 30 , died in late february following a lengthy fight with a rare and aggressive form of cancer known as epithelioid sarcoma . she spurned chemotherapy and radiation , choosing to fight the cancer with a controversial treatment known as gerson therapy . but after discussions with ` oncologists , healers and specialists around the world ' , her partner tallon pamenter has revealed .
the man , wearing an orange high-vis jacket , could be seen leaning out the door of the black vauxhall vivaro van as it hurtled down the outside lane of the m40 . he appeared to be laughing and making jokes with his colleagues inside the kj rail van as he hung his body - and even a leg - out of the vehicle . his boss , who has called the man in for a disciplinary hearing , revealed that the man claims he was only leaning out of the
peter stringfellow , 74 , had his son ben , now four , who was born when i was 73 . he was 76 when poppy came along last may , making me , i believe , the oldest living british new father . so what advice could i give to other would-be septuagenarian fathers ?
former hewlett packard head carly fiorina is attributing the years-long drought in california to ` liberal environmentalists ' . she says the state 's water shortage with their policies has doubled . ` with different policies over the last 20 years , all of this could be avoided , ' she says .
four-metre long king cobra raja has delivered almost 500 milligrams of deadly toxin for veteran handler billy collett at gosford 's australian reptile park . the toxin is enough to fill a shot glass and 40 times the amount of venom of a brown snake . its venom will be distributed between research institutes across the country .
ben hagon 's high-powered mercedes sports car crashed into tara mcintyre . she had just popped out to the shops in her small ka when she was hit . the 24-year-old suffered the life-changing injuries which included a fractured spine and pelvis . hagon already had a conviction for drink-driving in 2003 .
kendall jenner has credited her best friend for helping her deal with social media haters . the 19-year-old model took inspiration from the keeping up with the kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback . kendall was allegedly bullied by her fellow models , who even went so far as to put cigarettes out in her drink .
jess and stef dadon have teamed up with new york company ' print all over me ' cocktails and creativity . the sisters are heading to la soon for summer to launch new shoe line ` twoobs ' . the photo-shoot was their own idea , which according to jess they ` threw together ' because they did n't think the collaboration on its own had enough of their signature look .
kelly rowland and michelle williams performed together at the stellar gospel awards in las vegas last weekend . beyoncé and kelly joined michelle to surprise the crowd , and opened the broadcast with a gospel medley that included the song ` alpha & omega ' . the group received a rousing standing ovation from the 9,000-plus crowd , but they were n't introduced as destiny 's child .
governor jerry brown observed the survey on wednesday , which found the lowest water level in the sierra nevada snowpack since 1950 when records began . the governor 's order requires cities and towns to cut water use by 25 percent . so far in the current drought , many californians have not made changes to their daily routines to save water or taken a hit in their wallets .
brad pitt , 51 , vowed to help ` make it right ' for city 's thousands of displaced citizens by building eco-friendly homes to replace the ones destroyed . the star personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of the city , decimated in the 2005 storm , which killed almost 2,000 . in a lawsuit filed in new orleans ' district court last week , pitt is suing timber treatment technologies for $ 500,000 -- claiming the wood was defective .
the motorist attempted the dangerous manoeuvre on the a39 between street and glastonbury in somerset on tuesday morning . he gambled on finally passing lorry driver , nick townley , at a set of lights but badly miscalculated as the road narrowed and lost control . the car ended on the opposite side of the road - forcing oncoming traffic to slam on their brakes - with what remained of the caravan still attached .
takako konishi was found dead in the frozen wastes of minnesota . a police officer said he had spoken to the 28-year-old shortly after she turned up . he said she kept repeating the words ` fargo , fargo ' . takako froze to death searching for the stash buried in the snow .
asia siddiqui , 31 , was arrested thursday in new york for allegedly hatching a terrorist plot with her former roommate , noelle velentzas , 28 . but before that he published several articles in inspire , including a diy bomb-making guide which the boston bombers allegedly used to make their twin pressure-cooker explosives . kahn was apparently so chummy with the one-time editor of al qaeda magazine inspire , a publication called jihad recollections . s
amanda holden will host the new show on itv highlighting plight of rspca centre in birmingham . she will appeal to members of the public to take in the animals featured . the britain 's got talent judge is presenting a new series on the show which will highlight the plight of the animals .
study by visa asked 3,000 people aged 18 or older what they expected to shell out for the prom and on what . for a primer on promposals , see previous years ' winners of most outrageous -lrb- and viral -rrb- prom proposals . average american high schooler could spend over $ 300 just asking his or her date to the yearly dance .
atif saeed , 38 , from lahore , pakistan was in the city 's safari park when he spotted the male lion in the distance . mr saeed crept to within 10 feet of the hungry lion before leaving the safety of his car to lie on the ground .
mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory , concentration , agility , perception and reasoning , which all contribute to a high iq . in an iq test , the average score is taken to be 100 , and a score below this means your intelligence is below average . mensa was formed by australian barrister roland berrill and scientist dr lance ware in oxford in 1946 .
the tiny village of jose ignacio is an understated getaway for the rich and famous , filed with pretty villas and sleek beach huts . uruguay has largely stayed off the radar for european and american travellers , but has long been a favourite summer spot for south americans .
simon danczuk said it was ` unacceptable ' people who were prepared to join isis should be free to come home . nine members of the same family were arrested in turkey -- including the 21-year-old son of a labour councillor in rochdale . coun ahmed , 45 , was photographed with labour leader ed miliband just weeks ago .
graeme oxby documented the dedicated fans at events across britain as part of his series called ` the kings of england ' . the 50-year-old , from east yorkshire , even visited their homes to capture images for his photo series , called the kings . he has also set up akickstarter page to help fund the kings ' book - a tribute to the fans and impersonators he met .
islamic state militants have imposed a new law threatening to jail anyone caught wearing skinny jeans or having music on their mobile phones . violators will be jailed for ten days , during which time they will be made to take an ` islamic course ' . those who do n't will be fined and kept in prison until they pass .
konstantin sivkov wrote a column for the military-industrial courier . he said russia should develop nuclear weapons manned by a small force that can cause tsunamis on the us coasts and force a volcano in yellowstone national park to erupt . he says the main objective of the new system would serve as an asymmetric threat against the us , which is ` moving to the borders or russia ' .
tim mcnaughton 's body was found near a shooting range in queensland . he was issued with a ` shooter ' firearm licence by the northern territory police . the 24-year-old is believed to have shot dead his father and tried to gun down a family friend before turning the rifle on himself .
researchers at okinawa institute of science and technology graduate university in japan have found a similar pattern in two apparently unrelated places . found in namibia , they are large barren patches of earth measuring anywhere between 10ft and 65ft in diameter -lrb- three metres to 20 metres -rrb- . desert fairy circles are considered one of nature 's greatest mysteries because no one knows how they form .
the department store has slashed the prices on almost 200 products . comes after the major high street outlet reportedly spent # 7million on its tear-jerking 2014 christmas advert campaign . john lewis has halved the price of many of its decorations and trees . a 64cm high ` cambric and cream father christmas sack ' is now available to buy half price at # 17.50 .
the concerns around fiona stanley hospital , in southwest perth , were revealed to thewest australian by unnamed sources . the move was purely based on reshuffling junior medical faculty . the hospital went on ` baby bypass ' when the maternity unit opened four months ago , due to an unexpectedly high number of women giving birth .
ashley jennifer white , 30 , and paul thomas , 32 , have been charged with child abuse and neglect . their 5-year-old son , noah , went missing from their dublin home on march 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter . noah 's body was found in a septic tank near the family home march 26 . the couple 's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day
ryanair has taken the unprecedented step of banning passengers from bringing their own booze on board flights between glasgow and the party island of ibiza . the airline refused to explain the reason behind its decision . but it follows a handful of incidents involving boorish behaviour by inebriated travellers heading to the island for days of sun , booze and revelry .
the unidentified man and woman were in their 50s and from cleveland , police sgt. ricardo cruz told the associated press . blood was found in the cabin aboard the ms ryndam , but it was unclear how the couple died . the cruise is expected to get back underway on friday as it heads to the virgin islands .
kayli henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old taos and his 20-year-old mother , sierra sharry , when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete . so henley took a photograph of smith from the family and , with a ghostly filter , fitted the image around his girlfriend and son , as if he were standing over them .
princess beatrice was spotted out on the town with her boyfriend . the 26-year-old royal was in high spirits as she made her way through the paparazzi showcasing her leather dress that we are loving . susana monaco nina lasercut faux leather dress at saks off fifth now $ 169 .
the bell 525 relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year with purchasers forking out $ 15million -lrb- # 10.12 m -rrb- for their own . once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule , the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles without stopping . the craft is aimed to be a limo in the sky for offshore
princesses elizabeth and margaret elphinstone wander incognito through the city streets of london on may 8 , 1945 . among the most curious viewers of a royal night out will be a woman who knows better than anyone what really happened on that night . hon margaret rhodes , 89 , first cousin to the queen and her best friend .
nicole kidman has been slammed by an american union representing 25,000 flight attendants for her new ad campaign with etihad airways . etihad has rejected the allegation , arguing its commitment to its employees is one of the airline 's top priorities . the association of professional flight attendants argues the deal was at odds with kidman 's role as a united nations women 's goodwill ambassador .
the 10 per cent who could not amounts to around 33.8 million unsuccessful attempts each year - or 81 per surgery each week . the shambolic situation is responsible for as many as a quarter of a&e visits . surgeries where patients were able to see a gp had lower rates . other research has suggested that greater access to gp surgeries is linked with lower rates of emergency admissions for conditions such as heart failure and stroke .
sofia davila posted raunchy pictures or herself online and flirted with unsuspecting men she had contacted on the social network . after meeting her victims , the 21-year-old would spike their drinks and wait for them to fall unconscious , before ransacking their homes . she was caught after trying to trick police that she was an innocent bystanders in the robberies .
prince harry took to the skies after meeting with armed forces veterans . he will begin a month-long attachment with the australian defence force . the 30-year-old will visit the war memorial and lay a wreath at the tomb of the unknown soldier , both in canberra .
nicola horlick , 54 , whoraised six children while working in the city . she has children alice , 26 , serena , 24 , rupert , 21 , antonia , 18 , and benjie , 15 . she says women should have babies early while they are young .
the $ 2 billion fiona stanley hospital in southwest perth was stripped of its medical service provider serco after they failed to return sterilising equipment by an arranged date in february . the company was fined $ 60,000 and was subject to department of health workers auditing its staff . but the hospital has been found of continuing to operate with poorly sanitised instruments .
jay alvarrez and alexis rene love nothing more than travelling the world . the pair share their stunning and carefree images on instagram . jay has 735,000 followers and an impressive 1.1 million . their travels take them across the globe , from their california base to hawaii and indonesia .
the 60-year-old 's first meeting with australian actor jack thompson was when she was 15 years old . ms king , who has two children with her ex-husband , also revealed how she shared one man with her sister , 20 . leona , who was twice her age , was also involved with leona -- who is nicknamed le .
rick yoes , 57 , was shocked when he received a postcard a couple weeks ago saying he had six outstanding code violations totaling $ 1,700 and that there was a warrant out for his arrest . yoes has been cited for in the past include high grass over a foot long , overhanging tree limbs , a dilapidated wood fence , an inoperable vehicle and junk in the yard . ' i ca n't really afford to pay a lawyer to fight it , ' yoes
sharon fruendel , wife of disgraced d.c. rabbi bernard ` barry ' freundel , gave a speech on march 22 which alludes to her family 's recent scandal . in october , her husband was charged with spying on dozens of women who changed in their synagogue 's ritual bathroom . in february , her 63-year-old husband was arrested after a police investigation revealed he had spied on dozens . he is set to be sentenced on
jennifer mcgirr , 61 , claims to be living in fear after her windows were smashed . she said the abuse started when the windows to the tower view hotel were shattered after a man threw a brick at them in a ` premeditated ' attack . she also claims to have had a stream of intimidating phone calls .
staffordshire-boxer cross believed to have knocked one of the cooker 's knobs , switching on the hob . owner allen mosey 's son , 21 , and his daughter 's boyfriend relaxed in upstairs rooms . more than 10 firefighters were needed to extinguish the flames .
ralph body , up until march 29 , manned the front desk of the luxury 27 on 27th building in long island city , queens . the 41-year-old told the new york post he ` gave his life ' for his wealthy tenants and would go out of his way to do any personal tasks they asked -- all while keeping a cheerful smile on his face . but that willingness to go above and beyond for tenants -- among other chores -- did n't sit well with the 2-year
lusitanian toadfish make five types of calls not only to attract a mate , but to warn off rivals too may be trying to swipe their nesting site . the fish woo females with long , rhythmical boatwhistles , which also act as a deterrent to love rivals . they build nests under rocks during mating season , which runs from may to july and sing to attract female visitors .
dr omar saadi al-atraqchi , 42 , faces being struck off the medical register . the urology specialist cut peepholes in lynx bottles and dried them . he then slid the device under the partition of shower cubicles . he was caught out twice when a man noticed a glint of a camera through a bottle and saw a lynx bottle appear in his shower cubicle .
pdsa said obesity levels in pets is at an all-time high . around one in three dogs and one in four cats are already said to be overweight . too many treats , the wrong type of food and lack of exercise were to blame for turning some of the nation 's bunnies into giants .
patrick sondheimer used an axe to try to break down the door to stop killer pilot andreas lubitz from crashing the aircraft . he tried to break into the cockpit using an axe and spent up to five minutes attempting to smash his way into the mountains . mr sonderheimer , 36 , a father-of-two , tried in vain to save the lives of the 144 passengers and five crew members on board .
the search began on queensland 's gold coast as authorities tried to locate the reptile which could pose a threat to local wildlife . snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease ` it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia ' . but biosecurity queensland officials have now given up looking for the snake and authorities will instead put up a warning sign .
the ex bon jovi guitarist allegedly told former business partner nikki lund he would ` dig a hole in the desert and bury her ' . sambora is said to have made the chilling threat during a blazing telephone argument on march 19 . his shaken former flame decided to report the allegation to authorities a week later . police in the wealthy los angeles suburb of calabasasas confirmed to daily mail online that lund is a ` person of interest ' in an active investigation into criminal
rebels drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the saudi-led campaign to defeat shiite rebels loyal to yemen 's deposed president ali abdullah saleh entered its seventh day . the attack comes as saudi arabia hinted that it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in yemen .
arnold quintero , 21 , from san antonio , texas , faces two charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child , one of sex performed by a child under 14 , bodily injury to a child . the girl was interviewed by the bexar county sheriff 's office criminal investigations division last month .
army chief of staff gen. ray odierno announced policy change at the association of the united states army conference in huntsville , alabama . ink may extend all the way to the wrist once the rules go into effect . regulations about the size and number of tattoos are also set to be dropped .
the grand mosque in abu dhabi is definitely a sight worth seeing . e-scapes is the world 's first ` virtual holiday ' experience on social media . the holidays take management of an individual 's social media profiles and ` transports ' them away on the ` e-trip ' of a lifetime .
dan poulter saw his weight fell from 105kg to 102.5 kg , losing two inches off his 35in waist . his body fat fell from 24 % to 18 % , cooped up in the department of health . he admitted it is difficult to practice what he preaches on keeping healthy .
national union of teachers -lrb- nut -rrb- suggested government strategies designed to tackle extremism and terrorism have instead ` shut down debate ' in schools . teachers said they now feel nervous discussing controversial issues over fears they will be pressured to report youngsters who share their opinions . also claimed young people feel unable to express views on certain subjects .
billy-anne huxham , 18 , from caboolture , queensland , was found at 9.45 pm at aerodrome road in maroochydore , on queensland 's sunshine coast . police found the nissan suv that was used in her abduction earlier that day . her ex partner carl garry chapman , 32 , has been charged with a string of offences including assault , torture and deprivation of liberty .
researchers at wisconsin university in madison have been using computer algorithms to analyse the whoops and songs produced by the apes . gibbons singing usually consists of a crescendo of notes , particularly in response to predators . this suggests the quiet calls were designed to alert other gibbons nearby without alerting the raptors .
delmarva power says it did not cut off power to a family of eight who died of accidental carbon monoxide poisoning . the utility says the meter was disconnected for safety reasons on march 25 . rodney todd and his sons and five daughters then used a generator for power . they were last seen alive on march 28 .
real housewives of new jersey star joe giudice has had his driving license suspended for two years by a state judge . he pleaded guilty in october to unlawful use of an id and impersonation . his guilty plea included an 18-month sentence . his wife , teresa , is serving a 15-month federal sentence on the fraud charges .
summer robertson from shrewsbury died after being overpowered by fierce currents off a picturesque beach in december . the 21-year-old was with three other british members of a team that had completed a 10-week charity adventure together . her family have paid tribute to their ` bubbly tomboy ' .
shadow chancellor accused of ` letting the cat out of the bag ' on tax rises . he repeatedly refused to rule out trying to balance the books by lowering the amount workers have to earn before they pay the higher income tax rate . tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power .
gemma flanagan , 31 , from liverpool , was left paralysed after being hit by guillain barre syndrome . the aspiring model was working for british airways when the condition first struck . but she is n't letting that hold her back as she makes her catwalk debut today .
karen davis , from port pirie in south australia , was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular google maps app . the 38-year-old , who plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday , has been charged by police with disorderly behaviour . police released a statement alleging the mother ` pursued ' the google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself .
warning : graphic content . the incident took place in cloverdale , east perth , on saturday afternoon . the men swoop on the lady when she appears in their yard , sending her sprawling onto the ground . during the tussle the woman appears to be struck in the forehead , with blood visibly pouring down her face . wa police have charged a 51-year-old woman with a string of offences .
adam crapser , 39 , of salem , oregon , was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january and a hearing is set for april 2 . the father-of-three , who has a fourth child on the way , arrived in america with the name shin sonh hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister . however , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive .
louis jordan , 37 , was stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina . he was not dehydrated and refused treatment when he was checked over in hospital , despite more than two months exposed to the elements . the coast guard crew who rescued him said he had a small smile on his face when they landed on his vessel , expecting him to be covered in blisters and have severe sunburn .
the taliban have reportedly seen defections to isis recently . some insurgents expressing their disaffection with the one-eyed warrior-cleric who has not been seen since the 2001 us-led invasion . the biography described mullah omar as being actively involved in ` jihadi activities ' .
boko haram leader abubakar shekau and his group of insurgents have reportedly been murdering women and girls they had taken as ` wives ' . u.n. human rights chief zeid raad al-hussein said today : ` gruesome scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter ' .
ibrahim jalloh , along with another australian , bengali sherrif , were reportedly arrested at guangzhou airport in june 2014 . they were allegedly in possession of a substantial quantity of ice . it is believed the man 's sentence could be reduced to life in prison if it is decided he has been well-behaved during his first two years in prison .
david fitzgerald , a san francisco based author , believes he was a literary invention that combined the stories from several cults and figures in judea during the first century . he also points to discrepancies in the early gospels of mark , matthew and luke , claiming these were written decades after the supposed time of jesus .
manning sent out 15 tweets on friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters , including the american civil liberties union , amnesty international and journalist glenn greenwald . she also gave a shout out to tom morello , the frontman of rage against the machine . manning is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud .
john r. lind , 34 , admitted tainting pat maahs ' drink with his semen . they worked together at beisswenger 's hardware store in new brighton . maahs thought the coffee smelled bad because the milk in the office was spoiled . lind pleaded guilty to indecent exposure , defined as engaging in lewd or indecent behavior .
jeralean talley of inkster tops a list maintained by the los angeles-based gerontology research group , which tracks the world 's longest-living people . gertrude weaver , a 116-year-old arkansas woman who was the oldest documented person for a total of six days , died on monday .
randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake poops ' on his granddaughters ' beds . but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous . randy 's six-year-old granddaughter porter getting red-faced and dramatically crying in horror .
secret meeting between intelligence figures in moscow and washington reportedly revealed putin will consider any attempt to return the crimean peninsula to ukraine . notes from the meeting are also said to have revealed that putin is planning imminent ` destabilising actions ' in pro-western baltic states .
kourtnie a. sanchez , 25 , was arrested monday on charges including electronic solicitation , unlawful sexual relations and three counts of promoting obscenity to a minor . sanchez was a student teacher at marshall elementary school in eureka during the fall 2014 semester . prosecutors allege her victims were aged between 15 and 17 .
president hassan rouhani has pledged to abide by the commitments of a nuclear agreement that promises to end years of crippling sanctions . the agreement aims to prevent tehran making a nuclear weapon in exchange for phased sanction relief . mr rouhani also called on world powers to fulfil their part of the deal .
jockey lewis ferguson won the 4.20 at wincanton on wednesday . the 18-year-old amateur jockey is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory . ferguson 's feet point directly to the sky as he continues through a spectacular and heart-stopping rotation .
li chien , 30 , had been visiting a pub in north-eastern taiwan 's hualien county . when his bed-time ritual was interrupted by the dog from next door . li grabbed a bread knife from his kitchen and went to his neighbour 's yard . he was found several hours later by his distraught owner tang chao , 40 .
the lawsuit , which has 750 plantiffs and includes victims and their families , is seeking $ 1billion . it claims that officials from hopkins approved the study at the time and even helped to monitor it as it ran from 1945 to 1956 . in the aftermath of the experiment , some of the individuals died of syphilis , with open sores covering their bodies , while those who did survive claim they passed the disease down to their children .
deborah fuller , 56 , dragged her dog behind her car as she drove along the b1066 near long melford , essex . the rhodesian ridgeback was left with injuries to all four paws as well as grazing to his chest and a deep wound on his elbow . he has also been banned from keeping animals for five years and had her 27 other dogs confiscated .
james earl ray , the assassin of dr. martin luther king jnr , was shot dead on 4 april 1968 at the lorraine motel in memphis , tennessee . dr king 's leadership of the civil rights movement was demonstrated in the i have a dream speech in 1963 . wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth .
study by ofcom says 4g speeds in the uk are slower than promised . mobile phone companies boasted 4g would be five times faster than 3g . but the actual figure is actually only 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second . 4g technology is being promoted by the big mobile networks .
an unnamed wall street trader made a profit of approximately $ 2.5 million on friday thanks to a tweet from the wall street journal . the trader purchased 315,800 shares of chipmaker altera one minute after the journal reported intel was in talks to purchase them . seconds later , the trader had snapped up 3,158 contracts of altera , with each option contract giving them the right to purchase 100 shares .
donna oettinger , 41 , had sought urgent psychiatric help in the months before she and her son zaki died on train tracks in south london in march 2013 . she had attempted to kill herself three months before the tragedy but was unable to receive the treatment recommended to her by doctors . her mental health had declined after discovering her father had a second family .
the rspca is considering abandoning its controversial policy of ` pursuing pointless fox hunting prosecutions ' . the animal charity has no more legal actions left under the hunting act after its decision last month to drop the case against william bryer . just 49 people were charged with hunting offences in 2005 , but this more than doubled to 110 by 2010 .
mohammed alam , sayed juied and sadek miah treated burglary ` like a job , a profession , ' raiding houses in affluent west london , herfordshire and surrey . over the course of 11 months the gang broke into 21 homes , taking a ferrari , porches , minis , paintings and cash worth # 1million . officers first began hunting the group in july last year after a raid on a # 2.6 million house in somers
new yorker sarah theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry , frizzy locks were smooth and shiny . when sarah asked for her secret , her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing , opting to partake in the apparently-popular ` no poo ' movement .
more than 600 people are part of the havasupai tribe , which is the smallest indian nation in america . visitors can reach the mysterious tribe on foot or by helicopter or mule , and experience life in the village of supai . in 1911 tragedy struck as rain and overflowing of the creek ruined an entire crop field .
the 33-year-old sydney based tech and gaming journalist has been selected to host the cosplay championships at this year 's oz comic-con . ms johnston is one of the growing number of australians who are dressing up in hand-made costumes of their favourite comic book , television show or movie characters in the name of cosplay .
10 officers from guernsey police executed search warrants at the eagle medical practice and a private residential address on the island of alderney . the hssd said that following its initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the mignot memorial hospital and the general medical council was informed .
the footage was captured on a camera phone at a school in portland , oregon , and shows the well-built man lecturing a crowd of students before asking ` everybody ready ? ' . the teacher then orders the class to give him a count as he hoists the axe up over his head and swings it directly into the fellow-teacher 's crotch .
more than 480 design teams submitted entries to evolo magazine 's 2015 contest and a jury of experts chose three winners . the first place was awarded to a polish group called bomp for its ` natural habitat ' essence skyscraper . the evolo awards were established in 2006 to recognise ` outstanding ideas for vertical living ' .
british national was arrested on saturday as part of operation against the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front . members of the banned leftist group - known as the dhkp-c - took senior turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz hostage last week . both the prosecutor and the hostage takers were killed after a police shoot-out .
salvina formosa from south wentworthville , west of sydney , has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness . the 101-year-old widow , who was never keen on exercise in her youth , now does weights and sit-to-stand exercises several times a week at southern cross care in merrylands .
blue bell ice cream has suspended operations at an oklahoma production facility that officials had previously connected to a foodborne illness linked to the deaths of three people . last month , the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant in broken arrow , oklahoma . the now-recalled ice cream product - cups of chocolate , strawberry and vanilla - is not sold in retail locations .
the 12-year-old girl was thought to have been in the toilet on board the ao nang princess 5 ferry which was carrying more than 100 people . passengers were throwing themselves into the andaman sea after the engine exploded and flames ripped through the boat . between 100 and 110 passengers and crew had to be rescued by a dozen fishing trawlers , speed boats and rescue craft .
kamron taylor , who has a history of escape attempts , fled from the jerome combs detention center in kankakee at about 3 a.m. wednesday . he somehow escaped from his cell , hid inside the facility , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds . he was convicted of first-degree murder in february and faces a sentence of 45 years to life in prison .
more than 1,000 cuban properties are listed on the popular home-rental website -- private rooms are available for as little as $ 12 -lrb- # 8 -rrb- a night -- and the bulk of them are located in the capital of havana . airbnb has plans for rapid growth in cuba , where its employees have spent the last three months signing up property owners in advance of the expected crush of american visitors .
hakaoro hakaoro was sentenced to 20 months in jail in january 2014 for working without a licence . this week the 55-year-old has been found guilty of six new complaints by the immigration advisors disciplinary tribunal . the shocking new allegations include inviting women into his house to enter a sexual relationship with him as well asking them to carry out household duties .
apple made significant improvements to the battery life of its iphone 6 and 6 plus , but still fail to last more than a full day with typical usage . fan site appleinsider has spotted nine job listings on apple 's official recruitment site in the past month that relate to batteries . these include one for an ios battery life software engineer , a software power systems engineer , battery pack engineering manager and a cell engineer .
gizelle laurente had booked her son , jacob prien , on a flight from darwin to brisbane yesterday so he could spend easter with his father and younger brother . however , she was told her son would not be able to fly with the airline 's unaccompanied minors service .
tiffanie didonato , from swansboro , north carolina , was born with diastrophic dysplasia and underwent numerous limb-lengthening surgeries as a child so she would grow to be 4 '10 tall . even with the additional inches , parenting a rambunctious toddler can be difficult for the 34-year-old mom who has certain physical limitations .
rene schulthoff took the heart-breaking image in november . she did not grasp how terrified she was until he was editing the photographs . the four-year-old was so scared of his camera that ` she raised her hands to surrender because she thought it was a weapon ' .
ukrainian ugaaso abukar boocow has become a celebrity on instagram . the 27-year-old is trying to change people 's perceptions with photos and videos that reveal a side of somalia that most people would never discover on their own . with 68,000 followers , she 's become a mixture of selfies , snapshots of daily life and somali traditions .
ryan burns of eureka , california , said he could barely believe his eyes when he went out to investigate where the beeping was coming from . he swiftly whipped out his camera phone to film the canine at the wheel . he later uploaded the video online with the dog 's owner stepping forward .
steven christopher costa , 31 , plans to head to iraq to fight isis in iraq . he will make the 4,000-mile trip after raising the cash to pay for flights . mr costa was recruited through the foreign fighters against isis facebook . he has applied for a visa and plans to fly to northern iraq via jordan .
kevin pimentel , 12 , shot dead his six-year-old brother , brady , as they made dinner inside their mobile home in hudson , florida last week . trevor , 16 , attended the boys ' funeral at st. james the apostle catholic church in a wheelchair on wednesday . as many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys , who would 've celebrated their birthdays this week ; kevin would have turned 13 on monday .
carlos colina , 32 , pleaded not guilty in cambridge district court to charges of being an accessory after the fact to assault , battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body . remains , including a torso and limbs , first were found in a duffel bag discarded outside the building of technology company biotech saturday morning . colina had wounds on his face and neck and a vacuum could be heard during the search when police discovered the victim 's head .
dangelo conner , from brooklyn , new york , filmed himself messing around . he first electrocuted a coke can , but his antics all went horribly wrong . he zapped a bracelet while he was still holding it , sending the current through his hand and into his body .
former ice addict crsity collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $ 500 a week to keep up her drug habit . the 30-year-old has slammed health services for failing to offer her support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes . she said she was never offered support despite checking herself into the emergency room on six occasions .
` orgasmic meditation ' is a practice that marries sex with mindfulness . it involves the light stimulation of a woman 's clitoris for 15 minutes . om-ing affects the same parts of the human brain as conventional meditation . there are currently over 10,000 practitioners worldwide and 2,000 in the uk .
u.s. district judge susan dlott means right-wing groups are a step closer to being allowed to pursue a class-action lawsuit against the irs . the agency has admitted playing political favorites with the tax code beginning in 2010 , when it began applying extra scrutiny to groups with red-flag words like ` patriots ' or ` tea party ' . while those organizations ' applications were held up for years , liberal groups sailed through the process .
researchers at the japanese space agency -lrb- jaxa -rrb- investigation of thale cress during expedition 37 in 2013 . they hope to build a greenhouse in antarctica to test the first space garden in 2016 . if the study proves successful , it could help humans grow their own food in space , helping in the quest to colonise other planets .
the zombie is a fruity cocktail made from three different types of rum , lime juice , falernum , angostura bitters , pernod , grenadine , cinnamon syrup and grapefruit juice . the cocktail is so strong that don the beachcomber restaurants limit their customers to two zombies apiece .
tiger 's nest monastery is the most sacred site in the buddhist country of bhutan and was built in the 8th century . it is a land of myths and magic - a shangri-la where , as legend has it , tigers fly through the air and witches reside in ancient forests .
lisa colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in queens on march 19 , when the mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness . witnesses who overheard the allegedly awkward interaction told the new york post 's page six that edwards refused to hug edwards and told her : ` you are the reason i am standing in this church ' .
kristin holmes , 26 , has been arrested for ` facebook thugging ' . she posted a photo of herself pointing a gun on the social networking site . she then ` exchanged words ' with the other users on the site , it is reported . she has since been charged with harassment by computer .
ukip leader nigel farage has called for the number of arrivals into britain to be limited at 50,000 a year . but at the same time he claimed that overall caps on net migration would be ` ludicrous ' because it was impossible to stop people leaving the country . ukip first unveiled an immigration cap in february , with spokesman stephen woolfe saying he would not set ` arbitrary targets ' .
green campaigning manual urges activists to appear ` level headed ' and ` agreeable ' . it comes amid growing scrutiny of the green party 's manifesto commitments . it also provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans to dismantle the army , legalise drugs and pay everybody # 72 a week no matter how rich they are .
karl lagerfeld , 82 , with three-year-old siamese choupette , has earned # 2.18 million . the fashion designer said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in germany and beauty products in japan . cara had to work a lot harder , starring in multiple campaigns .
sarah thomas , 42 , a referee for college football 's conference usa , has been considered before for a position in the nfl before she was chosen to start in the league next year . she has previously refereed preseasons games , scrimmages and minicamps . thomas will be among eight new hires made for the 2015 season .
dr michael shannon saved chris trokey 's life in 2011 when he was hit by a semi-truck and trapped in this burning suv . in 2011 , trokey , now an orange county fire authority paramedic , worked to pull him out alive . their incredible story was shared by ktla after the pair both participated in a fundraiser for childhood cancer in rancho santa margarita , california .
rob kardashian - brother to kim , kourtney and khloe - is thought to have struggled with his weight gain over the recent years . in 2008 he even took a spin on dancing with the stars - the popular us dancing equivalent to strictly come dancing . multiple sources say that rob has long been tortured by his fame and uncomfortable with his family 's increasing notoriety .
joshua malatino and his then-girlfriend , samantha scott of the snow kone joe ice cream truck business were charged in april 2013 after the driver of a mr. ding-a-ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him . the couple were accused of chasing hollister 's truck and playing loud music to disrupt his customers .
latisha fisher , 35 , has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old gavriel ortiz-fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at 5 boro burger on west 36th street monday afternoon . fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems , but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year . the 35-year-old mother allegedly told police she was afraid someone was going to eat her son so she was
kathrin goldbach and her family are said to be so afraid of being blamed for the germanwings crash - caused by lubitz after he flew the plane he was co-piloting into the french alps . the 26-year-old maths teacher , her rescue volunteer brother andreas , told friends they do not plan to return to their home in the centre of the close-knit rural community of montabaur .
jordan waddingham scoured through bushland at karoola , north east of launceston in tasmania to unravel the plague of wasps . his mother stephanie offered him $ 20 to locate the nest . within minutes , the little wasp hunter made a startling discovery .
a man and 64-year-old woman were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg , queensland . the carcasses of more than 50 greyhounds were found at the bush site in coonarr on tuesday . at least 55 carcasses were found in the area , with the rspca .
paris picnics saves its customers from the hassle of trawling through the marché by delivering a freshly-prepared lunch to wherever they are in the city . customers can select made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine , baguettes , cheese and crisps . customers then select where and when they want their picnic delivered to .
blindness did n't stop one new hampshire man from taking on the tough mudder last week . randy pierce , from nashua , may now run the boston marathon this month , but there was once a time he could n't walk at all . pierce had to jump off a ledge and grab a piece of rope that he needed to swing to a bell 25 feet above the air , before falling into a pit of muddy water .
tina campbell , from london , paid # 100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected . a close up of one of the boils developed on her scalp . miss campbell said the incident has not deterred her from hair hair hair extensions again .
footage shows 27-year-old jared henry of arkansas being knocked off his longboard to the ground while the doe spins on its stomach into a ditch . after coming to a standstill , henry rolls over on the tarmac and opens his mouth in apparent pain .
sussex police accused of ` victim-blaming ' in its campaign . women 's rights groups said rapists were to blame for sex attacks . but anti-rape campaigners said police should target potential attackers . poster won praise from supporters who said it was ` blindingly obvious ' . it features picture of two smiling women posing for a selfie .
sir stirling , 85 , won 212 races in his 14-year career before a crash at goodwood in 1962 . he also spoke about how he has swapped the high-octane vehicles of his heyday for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of just 50mph . he said he sees fitness as a ` way of life ' which is why he is still so confident behind the wheel .
taylor davis , 20 , was seen in the kissimmee , florida store touching himself and possibly following a female shopper on tuesday . osceola county sheriff deputies found the suspect in his car in the parking lot . davis was questioned by police and was cooperating with the investigation .
the event was an attempt at breaking the record for the world 's biggest , with 500,000 eggs laid out for thousands of youngsters . but it descended into mayhem as parents raced into the field armed with baskets of their own . footage of the hunt , which did not break the world record , shows children as young as two being squashed by teenagers and adults weave between them picking up candy .
roberto cinti was driving the ferrari when he mistook the throttle for the brake . the car 's owner entrusted the car to a parking attendant who attempted to return it to the hotel in a timely manner . instead of pressing the brake , the driver mashed the throttle , unleashing 671bhp from the magnificent 6.0-litre v12 engine .
the red lady 's remains were found in the el mirón cave in cantabria , spain . radiocarbon dating suggests she was buried 18,700 years ago . when the remains were first uncovered they were stained with a sparking red material , later found to be red ochre from a haematite crystal .
scotland 's oldest inhabited castle also hosts singing , egg decorating , storytelling and an easter bonnet parade . free with entry to the castle -lrb- from # 8.70 -rrb- ; april 3 and 4 ; stirling castle , castle esplanade , fk8 1ej ; 01896 830323 .
ukip leader said he wanted to ` keep his mind as clear as possible ' . but he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm . he said : ` for a big event like this there is a risk people over-prepare ' . mr farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top .
meaghan hudson , 25 , left those closest to her devastated when she sent text messages in december 2013 . she said she was suffering from multiple myeloma , a type of cancer which forms in the bone marrow , and she was unlikely to survive . friends have known her since high school in dayton , ohio , went to great lengths to show their support - they shaved their heads in solidarity for her chemo .
new research is questioning conventional wisdom and warning instead of the dangers of too much salt . both federal government regulations and the american heart association have warned that excess salt contributes to the deaths of tens of thousands of americans each year . the guidelines currently dictate the people should limit their intake to 2,300 milligrams , with an even stricter 1,500 milligram limit for african americans and people over 50 .
frank sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow , according to his youngest daughter , tina sinatra . showbiz 411 's roger friedman said that the 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if mia farrow 's son ron was her brother . he said that tina , who is the daughter of sinatra and his first wife nancy , told him : ` could n't be . frank had a vas
fergus simpson from university of barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on earth . he calculates that if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs -lrb- 300kg -rrb- - the median weight of a polar bear .
robert durst , 71 , appeared in a new orleans court on thursday to defend his possession of a gun as he awaits his murder trial . the seven-bedroom , tudor stone mansion in scarsdale , new york , hit the market this week as he prepares to face murder charges in california .
the canadian fair trade network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing . the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from bangladesh , cambodia and sierra leone . each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item .
whi yusupova 's friends claim both her birth certificate and passport prove she was born on july 1 , 1880 . they now want the guinness book of records to document that achievement . the current record holder is french woman jeanne calment , who was 122 when she died in 1997 .
samsung will reportedly be the main supplier of the a9 chips in apple 's upcoming iphone range . it signals that the frosty partnership between the two may be thawing . apple relies heavily on other firms to produce the various components it uses in its iphones and ipads .
lisa parkisson , 35 , died at oldham royal 48 hours after giving birth in april . newborn thomas beaty died at same hospital in june after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth . summary of investigation has been seen by mailonline and found ` notable absence of clinical leadership ' in the maternity wards .
student christopher talbot said the smell was so bad it forced the operator to cancel the service from lichfield trent valley to longbridge . the 52-year-old said there was only one other passenger in the carriage . london midland said the ` act of vandalism ' was ` disgusting ' .
the rare celluloid painting , known as a cel , was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel . it features handwritten notes instructing artists on the correct colours to use when recreating the submarine . yellow submarine was a critical success on its release and led onto the beatles ' 10th studio album the following year .
charlie chaplin 's divorce papers lay bare the film star 's ` cruel and inhumane ' treatment . the 50-page divorce papers are set to fetch an estimated # 15,000 . chaplin married his second wife lita in 1924 and the union lasted three years . they divorced just three years later with the teenager lifting the lid .
maxine fohounhedo , 30 , was charged in december with kidnapping and raping a female passenger he picked up after she ordered an uberx ride the month before . the 22-year-old woman told police she was intoxicated and fell in and out of consciousness during the ride . she called police the next day and a rape kit was administered at swedish covenant hospital , the chicago tribune reported .
indonesia 's attorney-general has claimed that bali nine duo andrew chan and myuran sukumaran will be put to death following the rejection of their last ditch legal appeals . the court decided against allowing the pair 's lawyers to challenge indonesian president joko widodo 's decision to deny the two australians clemency . but hm prasetyo says he will not wait for another court challenge .
manmade cavern named the caverne du pont-d'arc has been built a few miles from the original site in vallon-pont-arc in southern france . contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings , as well as around 450 bones and other features . it is the oldest known and the best preserved cave decorated by man , but is not open to the public and is only seen by a handful of experts every year .
alison hall , 48 , was at work when she felt her chest tightening and took out her blue salbutamol inhaler . she took a sharp breath and felt something shoot to the back of her throat . after five minutes of choking , a false nail finally came loose from her throat and fell out onto the pavement .
india mayhew , seven , suffered serious head injuries after the horse bolted . she had been riding just metres ahead of her father and staff . her mother , brother and two sisters were also riding in the grounds . police said the member of staff and the girl 's father managed to control the horse and rushed india to a nearby primary health centre .
ruanne dellal says her husband jack was worth at least # 400million . the former beauty queen has launched a high court claim against his relatives . she claims the property tycoon must have given away vast chunks of his fortune in secret deals to his family . the 61-year-old says she is owed a ` reasonable provision ' .
chip shop boss john clarkson has created a new answer to the creme egg question of ` how do you eat yours ? ' . the ` pie-egg-ra ' dish contains one and a half cadbury 's creme eggs and is served with a side of chips . the 55-year-old fryer says the savoury-sweet mix is a hit with customers who have taken to dipping chips into the ` yolk ' like traditional toast soldiers .
dr julie epstein could also face being struck off after an investigation . the doctor , who opened one of nsw 's first anti-ageing clinics , has been prosecuted by the health care complaints commission -lrb- hccc -rrb- for her conduct between august 2007 and august 2009 . on monday the nsw civil and administrative tribunal found that dr epstein had been prescribing human growth hormone and other similar subtances ` without exercising responsible medical judgement ' .
desperate chicago cubs fans were forced to pee into plastic cups as lines for the bathroom at wrigley field stretched through the concourse and out into the stands on opening day . the bathroom debacle caused people to wait more than one hour to get to one of only two working bathrooms . the cubs admitted as much on sunday as thousands of the 35,000 fans .
the ohio-based national school safety and security services reviewed more than 800 school threats covered in the media during the first half of the 2014-15 academic year . about one-third of cases involved violent remarks sent anonymously via text message , social media , email or other online means . authorities say the majority of the time threats turn out to be hoaxes .
the 40-year-old was seen leaving the trump international hotel in new york city on her way to a today show appearance . rancic has said that o'connell was not faithful ; here they are pictured in 2004 in los angeles . the fashion police co-host has detailed her tumultuous relationship with jerry , who she first met in san diego .
mother-of-two lindsey norman spotted the image in the hot cross buns . she purchased the buns from sainsbury 's in peterborough , cambridgeshire . ms norman said it made me giggle to myself because it 's coming up to easter .
doctors at the university of arkansas for medical sciences in little rock ruled out several causes for a 56-year-old man 's kidney problems . black tea has high levels of oxalate , a chemical known to produce kidney stones and even lead to kidney failure if consumed in excessive doses .
kellie maloney started process to change gender two years ago . twice-married 61-year-old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days . now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in kent with children sophie , 20 , and libby , 14 .
ivan milat , 70 , was convicted of butchering seven young people between 1989 and 1992 in the belanglo state forest in southern nsw . he is serving seven consecutive life sentences for the murders of seven backpackers in nsw between 1989 - 1992 . in the letters , he tells shipsey about his ` fair share ' of ` sheilas ' , who write ` some frightening things ' - and one woman who has even proposed .
ivan carlos , 22 , and eighteen-year-old brenda avilez were sleeping in a trailer at the lone oak mobile home park in palmetto at around 2.30 am wednesday . the driver of the white chevrolet suv lost control of the vehicle and crashed through the park 's fence , killing the couple , police said . christian crawford , 35 , who had recently been released from prison , was taken to a hospital with non-life-threatening injuries
lara logan was sexually assaulted while reporting in egypt in 2011 . she is said to be resting at her home in the washington dc area . a close family friend of logan 's , financial pundit ed butowsky , confirmed late last month that the 43-year-old had been hospitalized .
cressida dated prince harry for two years after being introduced to him in 2012 by princess eugenie . the pair split last april , despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry . cressida rocked this black mulberry dress just days after she worked the exact same pick in white at the baftas .
john and elizabeth knott lived in an ` idyllic ' # 500,000 retirement cottage . but mr knott , 71 , had been struggling to cope after his wife developed alzheimer 's disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door . he had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on the land . he kept a file ` three inches thick ' on the planning proposals .
cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt hanged himself on sunday at his miami mansion . miami herald columnist lesley abravanel told daily mail online exclusively that sources close to dr brandt said he had hanged himself . brandt , 65 , was ` devastated ' over rumors comparing him to a character on the netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
australia has almost a million people working as au pairs around the world . parents and au pair agencies complain the six-month rule currently be used is unsettling for families and tough on children . foreign nannies paid as little as $ 250 a week are not the answer to limited childcare and rising costs .
the chief spokesman for 1600 pennsylvania avenue confirmed that the outage ` briefly had an impact on the white house complex ' . but it was ` back on the regular power source ' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later . several smithsonian museums were affected as well , including the portrait gallery , and guests were evacuated .
rosa camfield , 101 , was born in june of 1913 and died monday . her granddaughter , sarah hamm , 33 , detailed her grandmother 's life from tumultuous youth in the depression era , to a difficult divorce in the 1950s . rosa had three children , five grandchildren and 10 great-grandchildren . hamm originally posted the photo on facebook a week before her grandmother died .
the four corners area -lrb- red -rrb- is the major u.s. hot spot for methane emissions in this map showing how much emissions varied from average background concentrations from 2003-2009 . methane is very efficient at trapping heat in the atmosphere . like carbon dioxide , it contributes to global warming . to calculate the emissions rate that would be required to produce the observed concentration of methane in the air .
richard and angela maxwell from lincolnshire became 10th on the national lottery rich list after they scooped # 53,193,914 on tuesday . the couple , both 67 , so far have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall - with mr maxwell planning to retire and play bowls .
star reader was diagnosed with biliary atresia within days of being born in barnsley , west yorkshire . after undergoing an operation to have her bile ducts unblocked , her parents were told the infant would need a liver transplant in order to survive . with neither parent a suitable match , her maternal aunt shanell reader offered part of her organ , and has since saved her niece 's life .
diane greenberg , a devout catholic , and her husband bob , who is jewish , decided to split their family down the middle when it came to religion . diane took charge of her daughter , katie , 24 , while bob took the reins teaching steven , 21 , as they grew up in new hope , pennsylvania . meanwhile steven was circumcised when he was eight days old .
virginia roberts had hoped to join a lawsuit involving andrew 's friend jeffrey epstein , a convicted paedophile and sex offender . last night judge kenneth marra ordered her claims that she was a ` sex slave ' to epstein and was forced to have sex with the duke of york three times should be ` struck from the record ' . the judge refused to make a statement regarding the veracity of miss roberberts 's allegations , but
jeffrey williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on march 12 during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of ferguson 's police chief . all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them , but despite the warning williamiams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the st. louis county justice center .
andy hornby is non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u . he was found to be selling nhs patients ' details without their knowledge . mr hornby was in charge of hbos when it collapsed in 2008 . last night he faced calls to step down from his role as chairman of the company .
the orphaned youngsters - one of which escaped death after being carried away in a jack russell 's mouth . custard creams were introduced to see whether the cubs were ready for food . the first of the badger cubs , named little star , was half the weight of an apple when it arrived at the secret world centre .
tham khoun ex caves , commonly known as xe bang fai river caves , feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits . with over 15km -lrb- nine miles -rrb- of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water , it really is one of laos ' hidden treasures .
christian englander , 30 , was arrested on monday for hurling one at dave chappelle during a show in new mexico . he claims to have hurled another banana peel at a man who confronted him about the first attack outside a santa fe bar . on thursday , he struck again at a bar , insisting that the ` irony of this situation is too much to pass up ' . he was arrested for disorderly conduct and battery during the show .
antiquities looted from ancient temples and buddhist sites in india have been found on display at the honolulu museum of art . agents from the u.s. immigration and customs enforcement will take the items back to new york and , from there , eventually return them to the government of india .
two states at the center of gay rights protests over laws designed to ` uphold religious freedom ' engaged in hurried climbdowns yesterday . critics said legalized discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation . the arkansas legislature also passed changes to its legislation at the behest of the state 's republican governor asa hutchinson .
officers fired ` toward the vicinity ' of tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev . ` without necessarily having identified and lined up their target ' , report reveals . they also failed to appropriately aim their guns , report states . amid chaotic shooting , transit cop richard donohue was critically wounded .
five-month-old elijah is ` the happiest baby ever ' , according to his mother . his mum jessica and dad andrew mccrae have pledged to do everything they can to make sure the little boy from penrith , sydney 's west . little elijah suffers the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy -lrb- sma -rrb- . doctors say he will probably not survive his second birthday .
xiangyu ouyang , 26 , was on a state-sponsored scholarship from singapore when authorities say she began dosing the bottles with paraformaldehyde . she admitted to poisoning two students ' bottles as well as her own . now , the recipient of singapore 's prestigious agency for science , technology and research has been dropped from the top university .
pictures taken by gisèle freund , a german-born french photographer , who had travelled to mexico in 1950 . she was a painter who was best known for her striking and unapologetic style . images were taken in the years before her death in 1954 . they are standing in front of one of frida 's paintings that was done of the pair .
antti pendikainen soars through the air with a parachute attached to his snowmobile in riksgrnsen , sweden . the group managed to strap materials together to make an incredible but rickety flying machine . but what might sound like a nightmare , white-knuckle ride for most people was a walk in the park for antti .
the new pet gps system allows owners to track their furry friends ' journeys in real time . the first-of-its-kind technology was developed by sendum wireless corp. and is available for $ 50 per flight from 10 us airports . delta reported the greatest number of animal incidents and was held responsible for 41 of the 97 reported deaths that year .
the three men - thomas jordan driver , 25 , david elliot moran , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 - were arrested thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . the state said the murder plot started after driver , an officer at the department of corrections reception and medical center in rural florida , had a fight with the inmate . moran is currently a sergeant at that facility .
former premier visited ulaanbataar last month as a consultant to the cash-strapped government . he met new mongolian prime minister chimed saikhanbileg but the secrecy surrounding his trip stoked fears from ecologists . ecologists fear a mining boom in the region could destroy sacred treasures .
the duchess of cambridge has been dismissed as an ` uneventful ' dresser by leading author margaret atwood . most controversially , the 75-year-old said kate has n't lived up to the fashion icon reputation of princess diana . but she added she is right not to follow in diana 's footsteps .
conversation is limited to ` mummy ' and ` bye bye bye ' and simply standing up unaided is a major achievement . baby boys and girls were surprised when a ball seemed to disappear through a solid wall . when they were given the ball to play with , they repeatedly banged it on a table in an apparent attempt to work out its secret .
charlie bishop , 17 months , went to feed her pony taffee on wednesday . she was worried when she did n't meet her at the gate as normal . her mother danielle flisher went to investigate and found the shetland lying on the floor and dying from horrific head injuries .
figures show more than 1,000 gp training posts are vacant . in the east midlands , 64 % of posts are unfilled , with 63 % vacancy rate . in west midlands only london managed to fill its vacancies in the first round of recruitment process . doctors warn the figures mean we may be headed for a recruitment crisis .
ashley doody , 30 , was arrested on sunday after allegedly attacking her mixed-breed dog , trixie , with a kitchen knife . the sheriff says the dog lost a lot of blood but was taken to a veterinarian and is expected to survive - while doody is in jail on $ 1,000 bail .
marvin `` papi gallo '' jones and ramon luis nicolas were in the middle of a bout when the black phone slipped out from jones ' black and red shorts . referee frankie santore jr. went over to pick up the samsung galaxy and looked like he was chastising jones . jones believes the mishap cost him the fight as he kept thinking , ` man , my cell phone just fell out in the ring -- and on tv !
researchers at gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave . using x-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments . they discovered that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage .
jean-marie le pen said he had ` never regretted ' making similar statements . his daughter and current leader of the party marine le pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she ` deeply disagrees ' with her ` deliberately provocative ' father . mr le pen is the founding father of the national front .
misty machinshok , 33 , has been jailed for 15 to 30 years for the abuse . she ` coached ' the pair on the best positions to conceive , and held her daughter 's hand ` the first few times ' . she planned to tell friends and family that the teenager got pregnant with a stranger at a house party in wilkes-barre , pennsylvania .
the incident occurred on monday as passenger planes from emirates and etihad airways were traveling in opposite directions between the gulf and the island nation of seychelles . both carriers have recently rerouted flights to the archipelago nation to avoid yemeni airspace due to fighting there .
the 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the florence cathedral . she used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on monday morning , but it did not leave any permanent damage . it 's the second time in four weeks that italian police have charged a holidaymaker for defacing one of the country 's top landmarks .
the grade ii listed building was previously known as bridewell prison in liverpool . it was once home to men and women detained for petty crimes , and is now undergoing a dramatic facelift . the thick lead paint has been stripped from doors and brick walls , exposing traditional brickwork and original iron work features .
qantas warned back in february that it would begin strictly enforcing its business class lounge dress code . disgruntled customers who did not get the memo about the newly enforced qantas dress code have posted their complaints on social media . the mother said she never got an email to inform her about the new rules .
in one case , a voter complained that wealthy party donors were luring young activists to a key seat with the ` unfair ' promise of free curry , nightclub entertainment and hotel stays . others accused politicians of ` fly-posting ' while detectives were called when scraps broke out over conflicting ` political views ' .
the 38-year-old suspect has been taken to an area hospital to be treated for injuries to his arm and leg . he may face charges in connection to a hit-and-run crash . police say the suspect stripped down to his underwear and spent 10-15 minutes swimming in chest-deep water .
ayden and jess in apartment 3 are going with adam joske of gary peer & associates , with stuart benson as auctioneer . contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $ 100,000 bonus . teams will be hoping to do better than the block glasshouse duos , including darren and dea .
alex stock , a former friend of supposed victim ` jackie ' , spoke out after he featured in the now-infamous feature a rape on campus . he was painted as a callous social climber who discouraged a rape victim from speaking out . rolling stone 's reporting was torn apart by professors from the columbia university graduate school of journalism .
alfred hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone , east london . he was a catholic family , irish originally , and the boy who would become ` one of the most distinguished directors in the world ' . the bullying christian brothers may have taught ` the virtues of order , control and precision ' , but they also instilled a belief in mystery and miracles .
the nigerian-flagged thunder was being tracked by activists from the charity sea shepherd . the thunder had been fishing in the waters between sao tome and principe , off the west coast of africa . sea shepherd 's vessels bob barker and sam simon rescued the men from the ocean .
new world wealth has found houston , jakarta , mumbai and ho chi mihn city . over the past 10 years , the percentage of multi-millionaires globally has grown by 71 per cent . australia saw an increase of 190 per cent over the 10 year period . hong kong comes out on top with 15,400 residents calling it home .
anthony ray hinton , 58 , was released in the morning from the jefferson county jail in birmingham . he hugged tearful family members as he walked out and was embraced by his sister , darlene gardner . hinton says he should not have had to wait 30 years for investigators to test the gun that was seized from his home .
adele berry , of reddish , greater manchester , spoke to the call handler . she contacted the mobile phone company over a problem with her bill . but she was left shocked when the man later got in touch with her . she says she made small talk with the man who answered the query .
abdel-kader russell-boumzar was granted bail in brisbane 's magistrate court on thursday after a 69 day stint behind bars for a string of alleged offences . the 17-year-old shot to notoriety last october when footage of him apparently spitting on josphat mkhwananzi went viral . since then he 's been accused of repeatedly breaching his bail by flashing his backside at a young boy , being drunk in public during schoolies
sinbad the cat survived a 3,000 mile and 17 day journey from egypt to hereford . the eight-month-old kitten had made a bed for himself in one of the boxes . staff at mediterranean linens heard meows coming from inside the container . rspca inspector pippa boyd described the case as ` unique ' .
journalist jonathan maitland said the public is ready for it to be shown . it will open in london in june , less than three years since jimmy savile 's behaviour was exposed in a television documentary . savile had abused dozens of children and young women in hospitals and schools throughout the 70s and 80s .
jamie anderson said the cgi characters did not have the same charm as the ` lovingly detailed ' miniature puppets . thunderbirds will return to our screens tonight 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world . however , the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by cgi images .
jeremy clarkson will not face prosecution over attack on top gear producer . incident took place at a hotel in hawes , north yorkshire last month . victim oisin tymon said he did not want to press charges . but officers have now decided to drop the probe without taking action .
kevin perz , 56 , a father-of-four and business owner , has been looking up the teachers he has the fondest memories of from his days at parkway central high school in chesterfield , missouri . over the past few years he has been mailing them a ` gift ' . it started in 1992 , when he sent a check to his calculus teacher made out for $ 5,000 .
dr frederic brandt , the year he graduated from frank h morrell high , irvington , new jersey . he was found hanged in his miami home two days after his high school photo with his shy smile , steady gaze and dark hair . the famed 65-year-old doctor was left ` devastated ' by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of dr franff in tina fey 's netflix show .
rita ora , 24 , is the face of rimmel 's latest beauty campaign . rita has unveiled her own festival-inspired range by rita ora . the beauty giant also has a range of colourfest lip and nail varnishes . the collection is full of long-lasting lip glosses and high shine polishes .
the 20-month-old boy had reportedly been choking and struggling to breathe on march the 23rd and was rushed to coolah district hospital by emergency services where he was pronounced dead . police strongly believe that there are members of the neilrex community that can help them with their investigation . police are treating the incident as suspicious and executed a crime scene warrant on wednesday .
robert mccombs told a court in grand rapids , michigan on wednesday that steven carl day admitted to him and his roommate roger musick that he was molesting other young girls . the jury heard this week that musick , 39 , mouthed the words ' i want to kill him ' and thought ` one of them was starting to like it ' .
richard curry was told he had malignant melanoma in his septum . he was warned he would have to have his nose removed but could be fitted with a prosthetic . the 71-year-old then had to have magnetic implants inserted into his cheekbones and nasal cavity during a procedure at the royal blackburn hospital .
benny and bjorn wrote their song -lrb- songwriters are not hot on facts -- happy to say anything as long as it rhymes -rrb- . they subsequently paid a visit to the wellington museum in waterloo , just south of brussels in belgium .
london 's westfield stratford city shopping centre looked more than a little surprised to discover a chocolate sculpture of benedict cumberbatch . one lady was spotted cautiously approaching the sculpture before quickly backing off , while another could n't quite hide their smile . the sculpture , which has been given pride of place in the shopping mall 's atrium , was commissioned by uktv to mark celebrate its screening of the third series of sherlock .
more than 50,000 britons have signed up to a scheme offering discount homes to those desperate to get on the housing ladder . the project , launched last month , is part of a dramatic extension of the help to buy scheme . the 20 per cent discount is possible because the new properties will be exempted from taxes and reduced construction costs .
nicholas figueroa , 23 , and moises locon , 26 , both died when the manhattan apartment building collapsed last thursday following a massive blast . investigators have now shifted their focus to what caused the explosion , with suggestions someone may have improperly tapped a gas line serving one of the buildings . in august utility workers discovered the gas line to the restaurant had been illegally tapped , it has emerged .
tanya heath paris has revolutionised women 's footwear with her collection of shoes that feature an interchangeable heel . the first of their kind , the shoes , which start from # 260 , can be swapped for a lower heel -lrb- 1.5 inches -rrb- without compromising the style .
kentucky guard andrew harrison found himself in hot water last night when he directed a racial slur at a university of wisconsin player . the loss ruined the wildcats ' undefeated season ; they finished 38-1 . ` nothing needs to be made out of it , ' kaminsky told reporters saturday .
keith anderson attacked two men who he asked for a cigarette last year . he left one , an army lance corporal , in a coma and severely brain damaged . the 28-year-old ` bounced around , triumphantly like a boxer ' after the attack . anderson had to take a month off work at his family firm after he was left with a fractured cheek bone and damage to his teeth and nose .
andrew getty , 47 , was found dead at his gated , three-storey villa in the hollywood hills on tuesday afternoon . he was an heir to the vast getty oil fortune . a string of gettys have died from drug overdoses , while another grandson of the family patriarch , jean paul getty iii , never recovered after he became the victim of a notorious and brutal kidnapping .
mindy kaling has denied knowing anything about her brother 's controversial choice to reveal he pretended to be an african american to get into medical school . this comes as chokal-ingam , 38 , admitted his sister has told him she is ` ashamed ' of him for opening up about his alleged experience .
fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our dna , researchers say . it could mean that arachnophobia , one of the most crippling of phobias , represents a finely tuned survival instinct . it dates back to early human evolution in africa , where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago .
kyhesha-lee joughin was forced to use the room she was locked in as a toilet . her father matthew lee williamson and christopher arthur neville kent have both been charged with manslaughter and child cruelty . kent , 46 , was granted bail in the brisbane magistrates court on wednesday .
british agents spied on argentina until 2011 over fears it would try to reclaim the falklands islands , former cia worker edward snowden has claimed . documents include allegations britain implanted computer viruses and circulated false propaganda to discredit the argentine government , it has been reported .
teresa james , 40 , believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile . in america , sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 . the trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace there that dentists have coined a new word for it -- ` bleachorexia ' .
the local government association warned they may not be able to create more places at the rate that is needed . pressure on the education system has intensified following a baby boom and continued migration . by september next year , two in five local authorities in england will have more children ready to start school than there are places .
hannah and alex purchased a 1986 hino flatbed and undertook their year and a half labor of love . the result was a solar-powered two-bedroom , wood and steel home that now allows them to live almost self-sufficiently in nelson , new zealand . the couple started with a steel frame and slowly , project by project , built a home in about a year .
the pregnant woman and her partner were stranded off the coast of kent . their trimaran overturned yesterday in the english channel . a man spotted the couple in the water a mile from dungeness point . they were taken to the william harvey hospital by the rescue helicopter from raf watisham .
ashton canal in manchester was filled with heavy suds which appeared after a fire at an industrial unit occupied by a drug development company . it is believed that the water used by firefighters to dampen down the flames mixed with the detergent being stored in the burning buildings . now the environment agency have launched an investigation to assess if the foam has impacted on wildlife .
the freezer trawler with an international crew of 132 sank this morning in the freezing waters of the sea of okhotsk 205 miles off russia 's kamchatka peninsula . 63 crew members of the dalny vostok were rescued with the sea 's temperature near zero degrees celsius -lrb- 32 degrees fahrenheit -rrb- . no official cause for the sinking has been given .
labour launched a poster declaring ` the tories have made it harder to see a gp ' . but critics were quick to point out that the figures were out of date . labour-supporting gp circulated letter claiming ` five years of flat-line funding ' have ` crippled the nhs ' .
andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january . he died on sunday at northwestern memorial hospital - medical examiner 's office says a cause of death wo n't be released until monday .
chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , has been missing almost six months . she was last seen wearing a poison ivy at a halloween party on october 25 . the costume included a leaf-covered top and dark purple wig . her mother said detectives were actively working on the case but declined to say anything else .
jodie barden , 28 , is mother to eight-year-old ella , eight , and chloe , one . both suffer from cockayne syndrome and have a life expectancy of just 12 . mrs barden has already made arrangements for both daughters ' funerals . she said : ` there 's no cure for what they have ' .
the cage was specifically designed for him to as a ` withdrawal space ' . the structure was in place from march 10 to march 27 , according to act education minister joy burch . it was also revealed that the school only removed the cage when they were ordered to do so by the act education department .
only three countries in the entire world where you are more likely to have a female boss than a male boss . jamaica , colombia and saint lucia have the highest percentage of female managers in the world . columbia was closely behind with 53.1 per cent of their managers being female .
china national tourism administration -lrb- cnta -rrb- said on its website on monday that provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to china . they are hoping the strict measures will encourage chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad .
denise and glen higgs had all but lost hope that they would ever be able to conceive after glen was made infertile due to cancer treatment . but using his frozen sperm , doctors successfully created eight embryos . the couple tried again using the same batch and denise gave birth to twins carter and carson last week .
hayley adams , 29 , of barnstaple , devon , was seen sneaking into william tanner 's bedroom and taking cash from his coat . a cctv device was put in the room by his daughter angela wrenn , 56 , . adams admitted to taking about # 65 , north devon magistrates ' court was told . she escaped with a community order , restraining order and a total fine of # 175 .
the former secretary of state 's campaign-in-waiting has reportedly signed a lease for two floors of office space in brooklyn , new york . the brookican heights neighborhood is among the most hipster-friendly of them all . only texas republican sen. ted cruz has officially entered the 2016 presidential race .
europe-wide survey of 19,000 people revealed the more a country paid to the unemployed or sick , and invested in employment schemes . in norway , which pays the highest benefits in europe , almost 80 % of people wanted a job . in estonia , one of least generous , only around 40 % did . in particular , only 40 per cent did .
a student expelled from george mason university for violating its sexual misconduct policy is suing under a pseudonym to protect his privacy . the university is demanding he identify himself publicly , despite arguments that doing so would expose not only him . the student says he had been in a longstanding relationship with the woman , and that they frequently engaged in sadomasochistic role playing that involved using a safe word if one or the other wanted to stop .
most rev justin welby said 148 victims of thursday 's brutal mass-murders were ` witnesses , unwilling , unjustly , wickedly , and they are martyrs in both senses of the word ' . he also made a nod to the recent agreement between iran and the international community over its nuclear power .
michelle pfeiffer is set to star in a new television comedy about a morning news program produced by katie couric . the series was created by diane english , the creator of murphy brown . couric will serve as an executive producer and help ` ensure the series strikes realistic notes ' .
bbc say the masthead change is to ` simply reflect the fact that all three presenters are currently out of contract on the show ' . both have recently changed their twitter bios too , with hammond saying : ` ca n't explain it really ... er , i do this car show and stuff ' .
nicholas figueroa 's mother , ana , was among more than 200 mourners to attend the funeral for her son , who was killed . carrying a red rose and wearing a button featuring her son 's image , she wept as she watched his casket being loaded into a hearse .
ron the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by oregon zoo officials . his leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990 . it continued ` the treatments that had been successful for many years were no longer easing his discomfort , and so -- our animal-care staff decided the most humane course of action was to euthanize him ' .
sexting is ` not advised for politicians ' , says ed miliband . green party leader natalie bennett responded that it is ` ok for other adults but not for me ' . education secretary nicky morgan answered : ' a bit too risky , thank you very much ! ' . mr clegg ticked ` not being able to make the changes you want to ' .
john howard , 66 , had been a member of the overseas press and media association for 30 years but began stealing funds two years ago . his fraud was only uncovered after the association had problems paying its creditors and howard started to dodge emails and phone calls . he was jailed for two and a half years and mouthed ` i 'm sorry ' to a former colleague as he left the dock at canterbury crown court .
new york is in the throes of a cultural revolution - but moma is still brilliant . the city that bears no resemblance to the version depicted in friends and gossip girl . among the latter was the z hotel , a stark block of a building decked out in the industrial-chic style so beloved of london hipsters .
students at highland oaks middle school in tennessee posted the picture on social media on friday . eighth grade teacher tiffany jackson was arrested by police for driving while her licence was suspended . school officials justified suspended the students by saying they had demonstrated an ` inappropriate use of electronic media ' .
researchers at clarkson university in new york claim that older buildings where hauntings are usually reported , often have poor air quality from pollutants like toxic mould , which can affect our brains . exposure to the mould can cause mood swings , irrational anger and cognitive impairment , among other problems .
kristi gordon , of british columbia 's news channel global bc , was joined by her fellow anchors robin stickley and squire barnes . they reflected upon the degrading comments the mom has received about her second pregnancy on an episode of the online-only news segment news hour plus .
the party will launch a billboard advert using the image from 1979 ` labour is n't working ' . instead it will warn : ` the doctor ca n't see you now ' , but this time places them outside a waiting room . shadow health secretary andy burnham will say the figures are a timely reminder of the ` nhs crisis ' .
the driver , who has not been identified , was trapped under the car for more than four hours during the incident that occurred on wednesday . the 16-year-old girl was thrown from the car and trapped underneath for four hours after it veered off the road and dropped 100ft from a cliff landing on top of her . the driver of the car is believed to have only suffered minor injuries .
aaron hernandez 's defense team took just one day to deliver their case against prosecutors who spent two months producing 100 pieces of evidence . dr. david greenblatt , a professor at tufts university school of medicine , testified that the drug pcp can cause people to be suddenly violent . both men have pleaded not guilty and will be tried later later .
a sydney psychologist has surrendered his registration after a woman claimed he told her she had ` nice t ** s ' . darryl dewar hugged his client , patted her head , directed her to sing and used offensive language . the woman , who was having suicidal thoughts at the time , also claimed he called her ' a horny little thing ' . the civil and administrative tribunal reprimanded mr dewar last week and have banned him from re-registering as a psychologist unless he takes
edmund echukwu , 35 , was pulled from the water at a james bond-themed sex party at a # 3million mansion in radlett , hertfordshire . fellow revellers tried to revive him but he was pronounced dead at watford general hospital after emergency services were called . it is believed he is a nigerian from north london who was at his first swingers ' party at the eight-bedroom house .
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle . footage shows him gnawing on the side of a drinks container before stopping and prompting his child to follow . the duo then sit together enjoying some bonding time with their simple props .
tiffany sical , 21 , and bryan rodriguez-solis , 23 , were driving along route 6 in providence , rhode island , on sunday after watching the box office hit on its opening weekend . but they were killed when 24-year-old joel norman reportedly entered an exit ramp while under the influence and collided head-on with their car . now , norman , of massachusetts , has been arrested and charged with two counts of driving under the
dimitri harrell , 21 , allegedly pulled out his gun and pointed it at 19-year-old samirria white after they started arguing over his ` infidelity ' . carrying the couple 's three-month-old child , he then shot miss white in the face at close range , according to police . when medics arrived at the scene , they pronounced the young mother dead . harrell has been charged with one count of second-degree murder .
a spring snowstorm and icy roads caught colorado drivers by surprise friday . no serious injuries were reported in the crashes on u.s. highway 36 between boulder and denver . in aurora , one person died after being thrown from an oldsmobile bravada that lost control and rolled on an icy stretch of interstate 225 .
the official website of the sydney royal easter show lists the retail value of show bag contents . at least one of the bags cost more than it would to buy the items outright . the price is $ 23.85 - and that 's without the added burden of entrance fees , rides and long queues at the lower end of the price scale .
suzanne dixon-hudson and husband henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital , pre-winter season , ` on business ' . suzanne , whose cv glitters with top posts in luxury hotels and catering , added : ` at the same time as training my staff to a high level , i insist they all ski or snowboard in their free time ' .
more than 27,000 people signed a change.com petition started by three students asking for an apology , and for the initiative to be scrapped . the d + label says its image is 'em powering ' , especially with the widespread call for real models alongside campaigns like #droptheplus . victoria 's secret caused huge consumer backlash when it unveiled its campaign last year .
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs . he stipulated that there must be no ` gagging or making any faces ' . charlie 's father says as he watches her struggling to chew the large morsel .
expectant mom ambermarie irving-elkins was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming . the baby boy , malachi , was healthy . clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the sheriff 's department who were inside the courthouse .
the illume arclighter creates a ` super high-intensity ' electrical arc . it 's claimed to be the first flameless gadget of its kind . its inventors , based in edmonton , canada , are raising money to put the lighter into production on kickstarter and have almost doubled their goal .
ashya king , 5 , suffered from brain cancer but has recently been given the all-clear after receiving proton beam therapy at a centre in prague . three centres in the uk in cardiff , london and northumberland , are set to open offering therapy , which ashya received . both brett and naghmeh king sparked an international manhunt last year after taking their son out of hospital without doctors ' consent .
flight 4u814 to venice was diverted to stuttgart as the airbus a319 aircraft appeared to be losing oil . germanwings , a budget unit of german airline lufthansa , has been in the spotlight after one of its planes crashed into a mountain in the french alps last week .
pete bennett appeared on jeremy kyle today to reveal he is now homeless . the 33-year-old from brighton 's life went rapidly downhill after he finished first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show nine years ago . he believes that finding fame on big brother kick started a range of problems that led to a dependency on the class b drug ketamine .
carmen carnie and his twin sister lorie were thought to have died when the first flight of operation babylift -- an evacuation of vulnerable vietnamese orphans and children . incredibly , with wreckage and bodies strewn over miles of countryside , the terrified 17-month-old twins were found huddled together in a rice paddy more than a day after the crash . now 41 , landon has visited the crash scene and is thought to be the first child survivor to return to the countryside
phil blackwood sentenced to two-and-a-half years with hard labour by burmese court . the 32-year-old bar manager was found guilty of insulting religion . human rights campaigners claim he has been ` abandoned ' by the foreign office . mr blackwood has dual new zealand and british nationality .
us president barack obama says diplomacy is the best way to deal with iran . iran and six world powers determined the outlines of a landmark agreement which would curb iran 's nuclear program . obama said he will keep congress apprised of the `` substance of the deal '' .
prime minister was happy to be pictured eating a hotdog with a knife and fork . bizarre dining etiquette during a campaign visit to dorset was almost certainly designed to avoid a repeat of ed miliband 's disastrous attempt at eating a bacon sandwich . mr cameron has a chequered history with hotdogs .
steven mathieson , 38 , stabbed luciana maurer dozens of times . father-of-two called two more girls over to his family home and raped them . his young son was asleep in the bedroom next door while he carried out the crimes . mathiesman pleaded guilty to murder and rape at glasgow high court .
raymond howell jr. 's body was found near a culvert alongside a busy road in mckinney , texas - around four miles from where he attended school on thursday . friends said he never would have taken his life , but friends said that he had been bullied . friends recalled him as a happy and friendly teenager .
nigel farage attacked the high cost of health service treatment for foreigners with hiv in thursday 's general election debate . instantly the ukip leader was accused of ` dangerous scaremongering ' . but some of his claims were overstated , the latest official figures show that more than half of those newly diagnosed with britain were born overseas .
trevor duffy , 19 , of the bronx died in november . his death came after a night of drinking during a party held by zeta beta tau members at an off-campus home . no one has been arrested and albany police said their investigation is continuing .
a picture of the red-haired woman lying on the ground has emerged . she was carrying a rifle , two hand grenades and one pistol . the attack comes a day after turkish prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz , 46 , died in hospital after members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front .
two residents from the osborne apartments on west 57th street in manhattan told the new york post of their experiences with spirits in the building . chastain and her boyfriend , gian luca passi de preposulo , spent $ 5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms .
greg gibbins , 28 , was fatally stabbed with a knife in easter monday . the wyong roos rugby league club player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest . his friend , 25 , remains in a serious condition in hospital and is expected to undergo surgery .
harrison ford 's character dr richard kimble escaped from a prison transport moments before it collided with the onrushing train . the scene was filmed using a real train hitting a real bus , cost an eye-watering $ 1.5 million to shoot while the remains of the vehicles were left on location . the wreckage has since become a tourist attraction 23 years after the memorable action scene was shot .
leila alavi was on a desperate mission to find a women 's refuge to escape her estranged husband mokthar hosseiniamraei . the 26-year-old apprentice hairdresser had taken out an apprehended domestic violence order against her ex-husband . ms alavi reportedly agreed to meet him on the day she was found dead inside her vehicle in an underground car park at auburn shopping village in sydney 's west . she has told sydney
a student at duke university has admitted to hanging a noose in a tree and is no longer on campus . the student was identified with information provided by other students and will be subject to duke 's student conduct process . the school also is working with state and federal officials about potential criminal violations .
the goat was captured in the middle of a roadway by three policemen around 5pm on saturday . a plastic bag was used to avoid contact with the livestock , and it was handed over to animal control . police are still working to find the owner of the goat and are asking the public for help .
susan house , 55 , went for a stroll shortly before the detached property exploded yesterday afternoon . she returned to find it looking like a bomb site , with rubble strewn across her garden and her belongings left exposed to the elements . the explosion originated in the kitchen , prompting the emergency services to believe it was caused by a gas leak .
kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for veterans empowered to protect african wildlife . the organisation was founded by an ex-marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9 / 11 . she was also deployed for one tour of afghanistan .
periscope , twitter 's new iphone app that allows users to broadcast live video and audio online , launched a week ago . early adapters have already discovered potentially hair-raising issues with the much talked-about technology . the app is being touted as a revolutionary new way to share news .
the plot above is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000 . martin bellander , a phd student in psychology at the karolinska institute who created the graph . to do this , he wrote software first to scrape the images from sites where they were available for free download .
anjelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , was last seen driving near her parents ' home in norfolk , virginia , on march 2 . her stepfather wesley hadsell was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours . wesley was been locked up on six charges including obstructing justice , one charge of possessing ammunition after a felony and one charge .
scientists hope immunisation is possible with just one injection after ` highly promising results ' in the first 138 healthy adults who were vaccinated with various doses . vaccine is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus -lrb- vsv -rrb- that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the ebola virus .
queen and senior members of the royal family will attend the westminster abbey service of thanksgiving . chain of beacons will be lit across the country , spitfire and lancaster bomber planes will take to the skies . star-studded concert will be held in london from may 8 to 10 as part of commemorations marking the 70th anniversary .
rapper vanilla ice avoided prosecution in florida on thursday after agreeing to a . plea deal over a grand theft charge from february . he agreed to perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the . estate of a neighbor in lantana for allegedly stealing from the $ 1million home . van winkle also must acknowledge that he is guilty of the . crime , but the charge will be dismissed and he will have no . criminal record upon completing terms of the
david hyche , now a special agent at the bureau of alcohol , tobacco and firearms -lrb- atf -rrb- developed the technology nine years ago when his daughter turned blind . a transmitter is placed inside plastic eggs that let off a high-pitched beeping sound . hyche has passed on the idea to the alabama institute for deaf and blind in birmingham .
lib dem leader nick clegg said the idea of more than two parties forming a government is not ` going to work ' . he said it would be a ` messy ' way to run the country , and risked instability with the future of the government put in peril . mr clegg told voters to go to the ballot box on may 7 expecting a hung parliament .
the premier for western australia has sparked outrage after saying ` some good ' has come out of the year-long search for missing malaysia airline . colin barnett made the comments which drew sighs of disbelief from the audience at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science . this comes as the wife of an australian passenger on mh370 spoke of her heartache , revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father has n't come home .
more than 300 fishermen emerged from nearby trawlers , villages and even the jungle to make the trip . they were finally being rescued by the indonesian fisheries ministry after officials issued a moratorium on fishing to crack down on poaching . the current and former slaves began getting news about the rescue as a downpour started , and some ran through the rain .
labour 's shadow chancellor was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in leeds . he was asked to work out the multiplication at the q&a after he last month revealed that he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths .
colin turnbull , 69 , was found in a ` compromised position ' with rozina khanim . fee-paying school 's facilities manager kevin bird walked in on pair . they were engaged in a sex act during an entrance exam day . mr turnbull has not commented on the tryst , but the school confirmed senior staff had told him to ` never return ' .
shigella infections , otherwise known as ` delhi belly ' or ` montezuma 's revenge ' were traced to people who had recently traveled to the dominican republic , india or other countries . symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea . outbreaks of the shigella bacteria are not unusual , but this strain is resistant to the antibiotic most commonly prescribed for adults .
beach-goers were faced with a different kind of sea creature when they entered the water at victoria 's picturesque rye beach . the video of the swimming echidna was posted online by youtube user emma b . echidnas , like many native australian animals , are actually ` proficient ' swimmers .
asylum seekers and refugees applying to be minicab drivers are exempt from criminal records checks . legal loophole says people coming to britain will not be required to have their criminal convictions checked . everyone else who applies for a cab licence must undergo criminal records . those from outside the eu have spent more than three months abroad .
the 13 letters were expected to bring in anywhere from $ 300,000 to $ 600,000 , but received no bids at a sotheby 's auction wednesday . the current owner of the signage is yankee hall of famer reggie jackson , who purchased the 10-feet-tall letters for an undisclosed amount after the stadium saw its final game in 2008 .
the part-time actor was going through customs to board his easyjet flight . staff discovered he had six # 1.80 tubs of the traditional pudding and north east delicacy in his hand luggage . the 58-year-old , who previously appeared in the bbc tv series blackadder , was surprised at the mix-up .
prime minister 's wife swooped into rochester and strood , the seat held by mark reckless after he defected from the tories last summer . david cameron has made no secret of his desire to kick mr reckless 's ` fat arse ' out of the commons . mrs cameron met mitchell , aged four , at the abbey court school in rainham , a special school for three to 19-year-olds .
zayn malik announced he was leaving one direction last week . the track , entitled i wo n't mind , sent both one direction fans and one of zayn 's former band mates into turmoil . the video is thought to reference the collaboration between the two and angered directioners who are still disappointed .
at a size 34b , annabel cole has long dreamed of having a bigger bust . she decided to put ` the boob-job bra ' through its paces in three variations . the lightest , size one , weighs in at 50cc , size three at 200cc . it comes with four pairs of inserts labelled one to four .
bob barker captain peter hammarstedt said 35 crew members , who abandoned the sinking ship , were safely rescued off the coast of africa . the toothfish poaching vessel thunder issued a distressing signal , claiming that the ship was sinking at about 4.00 pm on monday .
the seattle times reports that nearly half of the money on the gofundme.com page set up in february for 70-year-old barronelle stutzman . supporters compare the benefit page to an indiana pizza shop that raised more than $ 800,000 after closing when the owner said the shop would n't cater a gay wedding . ingersoll , owner of arlene 's flowers and gifts in richland , washington , received the fine in march after refusing
nathan matthews , 28 , faces a single count of murdering his step-sister . his girlfriend shauna hoare , 21 , is accused of perverting the court of justice . miss watts was living with her father darren galsworthy before she went missing . her remains were found 11 days later at a house in st george , bristol .
the religion 's share of the world 's population will equal the christian share - at roughly 32 per cent each - in 2070 . the number of muslims will increase by 35 per cent in the next four decades . by 2100 around one per cent more of the population will be muslim than christian , with the largest proportion of followers in india .
the married mother-of-two ran debenhams , jaeger and aquascutum . she won the make-or-break style director role at m&s in september 2012 . today it appears that her hard work has paid off , with general merchandise sales up 0.7 % .
yahya rashid , 19 , of willesden , north west london , is due to appear at westminster magistrates ' court today . he was arrested at luton airport on suspicion of preparation of acts of terrorism under section five of the terrorism act 2006 . rashid was taken to a central london police station where he was charged .
researchers at japanese and californian seismologists found the hum can drop as low as an e flat , 20 octaves below middle c on the musical scale . they found that the planet does n't just oscillate following quakes , and instead is vibrating at extremely low frequencies all of the time .
ralph vaughan williams ' work topped the classic fm hall of fame after listeners cast more than 200,000 votes . it topped the poll last year as well and four years ago was named the nation 's favourite desert island discs tune . music from the final fantasy series , by japanese composer nobuo uematsu , is at number nine .
benito gonzalez jr. ,46 , was suspended from duty in may 2014 after being arrested for allegedly exposing his genitals and touching himself inappropriately . a surveillance photo posted to the cherry hill police facebook page led to the 17-year camden police veteran 's arrest -- the photo has since been deleted . the father-of-three was found guilty of the offense last month and is currently suspended without pay .
bryan santana , 20 , of orlando , florida , was found guilty of first-degree murder on thursday and sentenced to two life terms in prison . shelby fazio , 23 , was stabbed to death in october last year and wrote messages in blood on the wall , including : '' i 'm not sorry for what i did ' . the panel took just two hours to deliberate and fazah 's family cried in their seats as the verdict was handed
simon mitchell , 44 , stole equipment from donna 's dream house , lancashire . volunteer worker admitted stealing laptop and tomtom satnav from charity . mitchell had been given laptop and phone to use by dream house . he was due to stand trial after three-year criminal investigation .
shaquille omar hallisey 's attack in cardiff was described by a judge as ' a savage demonstration of violence in a public place ' . the 20-year-old 's victim matthew leeke , 38 , had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place . he was taken by ambulance to the university hospital of wales , cardiff , and a scan showed a fracture .
becky schoenig of st. louis , missouri was shocked when she realized her brand new 2015 ford fusion had been stolen from her driveway on monday night . on april 1 , she was shocked to learn that police had found her car after receiving a tip from a man who recognized the vehicle and would be returning it to her . but with a few minor changes , she is getting the vehicle professionally cleaned to deal with the strong smell of cigarettes and marijuana .
janet muller was seen walking in a subway in portslade , west sussex . the 21-year-old 's body was found in the boot of a burning car . police have released video stills and footage of her body on the night before her death . family described her as an ` inspirational , passionate and caring person ' .
steven howie , 28 , left his girlfriend karen murray , 31 , with 18 injuries . the pair had been dating for about four months when they checked into the carronbridge hotel in the campsie fells . miss murray was unable to get a signal to call police and officers only arrived after guests in another room dialled 999 .
pope francis spoke to tourists and catholic pilgrims in st peter 's square . he asked for ` tangible help ' from communities all over the world for christians persecuted because of their faith . but stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken . the 78-year-old has been increasingly vocal about the fate of christians being targeted by islamic extremists in parts of the middle east , africa and asia .
the queen is hiring a sous chef who can develop their technical expertise . the successful applicant will have to travel to various royal residences . they must also order in ` the freshest seasonal ingredients ' from the queen 's private scottish retreat 's kitchen garden and game from the royal estates .
kevin franklin married his new wife in the italian alps while his 80-year-old victim was forced to borrow money from his children because he could not afford any milk . when he was finally arrested he told police : ' i played him ' . he was jailed for four-and-a-half years at warwick crown court yesterday .
jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday . footage shows the driver of a black suv , identified as 49-year-old laura michelle mayeaux , coming off at the 397 exit and veering over to the wrong side of the lane . she then steers head-on into a truck which rolls over on its side with debris flying everywhere , it pushes
hayleigh mcbay , 17 , pretended to dump david clarke via whatsapp . but the girl from elgin in moray , scotland , was given a taste of her own medicine . soon after her boyfriend revealed that he had also been playing an april fools ' day prank .
the wraps came off the prototype of the new 10th generation car at the new york international motor show . it came just a day after it was announced that swindon in wiltshire will become the global production hub for the next generation five door civic . the ultra-sporty honda civic concept car is supported by a new # 200million investment .
ashley and mary-kate olsen are two of the most famous twins in the world and despite their very similar appearances they are not actually identical twins . some primitive african societies abhorred twins because of the way multiple births resemble an animal 's litter . it was n't uncommon for the unlucky children to be slaughtered and their mother exiled .
data bosses have been caught boasting to the mail of the underhand tactics they use to trick homeowners into giving away their secrets . they admitted ignoring an official no-call list meant to protect the vulnerable . they said they could never be honest with people about the consequences of passing on personal information because then no one would answer their calls .
eight-strong team have transformed more than 30 telephone booths in china 's capital city into a representation of baymax . xiao wang told the people 's daily online that he and his fellow graffiti artists worked through the night to complete project ` beijing warmth ' . starting at midnight , they hit the streets in teams of four to spend five hours working on the phone boxes , using a total of 24 cans of paint .
helaman barlow was chief of the bordering towns of colorado city , arizona , and hildale , utah . he said he acted on the orders of the church 's leader , warren jeffs , out of fear of losing his family . other accounts say that some of its former adherents - including barlow - are turning their backs on the church and changing the towns .
theodosia aresti , 71 , moved into a new-build flat in london five years ago . but after a blocked pipe unleashed a ` tsunami of sewage ' from the building 's 239 other flats into her apartment , her hopes of a contented retirement were ruined . she phoned her daughter kiki and grandson nicos and begged them to come to her aid .
calentinian cafe owner olly taylor , 27 , has laid down a challenge to diners with a gut-busting morning meal . the breakfast includes two types of cereal served in half an easter egg , with brownies , marshmallows and mini eggs . the meal is so sweet it contains the equivalent of 388g of sugar or 97 teaspoons .
flight ei 660 had left dublin at 8.30 am and was forced to land back . it was the second one of the day for dublin airport , after two ryanair planes collided while taxiing on the runway causing part of the winglets to be ripped off . no passengers were injured when the collision occurred , but disruption occurred for hundreds of travellers .
the first hour-long tour through the nga 's current exhibition , ` james turrell : a retrospective ' took place on wednesday night . the tour guide for the retrospective highlights the 70-year-old american artist 's 50 years of work . ringholt has already been the guide on nude gallery tours at the museum of contemporary art in sydney and mona in tasmania .
the bathing box on brighton 's dendy street beach in melbourne has sold for a staggering $ 276,000 . the winning bidder paid a record price for a bathing box and $ 150,000 over the original asking price . the bathing boxes were first constructed in 1862 and are part of melbourne 's tourism history .
michael wheatley , nicknamed the skull cracker , walked out of an open jail in may . he was told he must serve at least eight years in jail before becoming eligible to apply for release on parole . the violent thug had previously been handed 13 life sentences at the old bailey in 2002 and earned his nickname by pistol-whipping his victims .
michael bloomberg has reportedly turned his sights across the atlantic . he has the backing of senior officials in britain 's conservative party . his ex-wife is a british citizen , as are his two daughters . sources say officials could arrange for a switch to make him eligible for high office .
the sickly sweet dessert is on sale at the wicked waffle in north end , portsmouth , for # 25 . it contains four 7-inch wide waffles , 12 huge scoops of thick ice-cream , four flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream . cafe owner harry harrison , 46 , said : ` most of the customers manage to eat half of the wacky waffle but they 've had to eat ' .
delphi automotive has completed the longest automated drive in the us , travelling from san francisco to new york in the first coast-to-coast trip ever attempted . nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode . the team collected nearly three terabytes of all of the printed material in the library of congress .
jason cotterill , 42 , plagued his victim with abusive messages over the internet . he also emailed the woman a link to an online sex video she was in . he and the victim had attended the same school when they were children . they met up for three dates between january and september 2013 .
kathleen blomberg , a resident at the heavily damaged 125 second ave. , has been reunited with her two traumatized cats , kitty cordelia and sebastian . the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals found the traumatized animals under blberg 's bed and said it took about an hour to coax them out . she had been desperately searching for her two cats she left behind , putting up fliers and posting on social media and she was reunited with
the disabled cat was sitting in its front garden in tarring , west sussex . the two dogs pounced , dragging the terrified cat on to its neighbour 's lawn . police are now investigating after a person , who appears to be a woman , pulls up in a blue car and collects the hounds .
chrysler acted with reckless disregard for human life in selling the family of remington ` remi ' walden a 1999 jeep with a gas tank mounted behind the rear axle . the fuel tank leaked , engulfing the jeep in flames and killing the four-year-old . chrysler compromised with a federal safety agency and agreed to a scaled-down recall of some older-model jeeps with the rear-mounted tanks .
cheryl howe , 32 , from morecambe , was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome -lrb- pcos -rrb- at the age of 12 . she suffers from excessive hair growth on her face , breasts , stomach and legs . she finally got approved for nhs funding for laser hair removal treatment , which costs a minimum of # 10,000 .
edward nudel , 41 , of staten island broke into his relative 's home on march 11 and strangled a 2-year-old pomeranian named lola ` in an especially depraved and sadistic manner ' . nudel and the relative reportedly had an argument and , after strangling the dog , he called the relative and said ' i killed lola ' . police were called and arrived at nudel 's bay terrace home to find him sleeping in his bed with
dr joe hanson , a science writer and biologist based in austin , texas , pondered this very question and now has calculated what the human body is in terms of chemical elements . he revealed that a ` human molecule ' might contain 375 million atoms of hydrogen , 132 million atoms . by comparison , this human molecule contains just one atom of cobalt and three molecules of the metal molybdenum . the full list of elements that dr hanson says would be found in a human
home secretary theresa may said police will have to record islamophobic attacks as a separate category . other forces categorise them as hate crimes or specific offences such as assault or grievous bodily harm . charities say there has been a steady rise of anti-muslim hate crimes since 9/11 .
protests in melbourne turned violent when anti-islam and anti-racism groups clashed . police were forced separate reclaim australia supporters and opposing protesters by forming a wall at separate rallies . it comes after a twitter account claiming to be linked with anti-muslim groups has mocked protests .
catherine nevin was allowed out on day release despite being jailed for life in april 2000 for arranging to have her husband shot dead . the 62-year-old was pictured leaving mountjoy prison and making her way from dublin 's dochas centre to the oblates . she walked through the city centre where she waited for a bus before attending the addiction studies course .
australian homeowners are making room in their backyards to allow budget travellers to pitch a tent and stay for a few nights . homecamp , which launched in january , has been attracting both backpackers and locals who are looking for cheap and fast accommodation . one sydney host , steve york , has already had four successful bookings .
bbc poll found 28 per cent thought nicola sturgeon was the best performer . but few north of the border were surprised by her performance . judy murray tweeted about her triumph on eve of last year 's independence referendum . she had been in the shadow of her noisy and bullish predecessor .
kenneth lombardi , who goes by ken , was a red carpet regular for cbs new york , interviewing stars from oprah to ashton kutcher and arnold schwarzenegger . he says he was forced to quit his job in november and relocate to los angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses .
melbourne singer daniel buccheri composed the tune to the popular music from artists such as sam smith and the backstreet boys . the unique speech performed by daniel at poet 's lane in sherbrooke , east of melbourne , has been viewed over 100,000 times online . daniel , 25 , started off his speech in a mellow tone on the keyboard , singing of his love for his brother to the tune of stay with me .
the southern poverty law center in february filed a lawsuit against georgia department of corrections officials on behalf of ashley diamond . the lawsuit says prison officials have failed to provide adequate treatment for diamond 's gender dysphoria . the condition causes a person to experience extreme distress because of a disconnect between the birth sex and gender identity .
oscar beheluli claimed he appeared on channel 4 dating show my little princess . the 24-year-old enjoyed living the ` high life ' and gambling with the money he made from the illegal operation . officers seized more than # 4million worth of heroin and cocaine when they raided the gang 's ` stash house ' in brent , north west london .
labour leader has spent the day enjoying fish and chips with his family . moments after he finished speaking , fans took to twitter to coo adoringly about his ` sexy grey tie ' . one fan likened miliband to hansel , a character from modelling comedy zoolander , tweeting : ` ed miliband really is hot ' .
lyndey milan has teamed up with aldi to create easter lunch recipes that will easily feed six people for less than $ 6 each . the home cook icon put her skills to the test by trawling the supermarket aisles to find healthy , fresh produce to turn into an easter feast . lyndey says her hot cross bun and easter egg bread & butter pudding with almond praline came in at $ 2 per person .
zampatti 's ss15-16 collection made a splash at sydney 's opera house today to celebrate the designer 's 50th year in fashion . the collection is said to be a celebratory nod to the excessive glamour of the eighties and features bold indian pinks , buttercup yellows and electric blues .
australian choreographer wade robson and another of jackson 's alleged child victims , james safechuck , now claims the singer was a predator who repeatedly sexually abused him as a child . the king of pop shelled out nearly $ 200 million to as many as 20 victims , reports the new york post . if judge beckloff gives jackson a green light to proceed with their civil claim , new child molestation allegations will likely be revealed in court against jack
the collection from baker 's cinovation studio is worth an estimated $ 746,100 . some of the individual items are expect to fetch more than $ 40,000 when they are offered to the public for the first time . the two face mask from batman forever is valued at , $ 1,500 .
neymar scored twice as barcelona cruised past ligue 1 giants paris saint-germain at the nou camp . the brazilian was on hand to embarrass fellow countryman david luiz as the former chelsea defender endured a horrendous evening in spain . rik sharma sorted the best from the rest during the champions league clash .
teachers set to call for ` play in the curriculum ' for schoolchildren up to seven as this is more suitable than educating them in a formal way . they want the uk to follow the lead of countries like finland and introduce 45-minute lessons immediately followed by 15-minute play times .
jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs . while on camera , the youngster recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions . jayden 's father , skeeter , was unable to get a word in edgewise , as the youngster continued with his story .
tyler kost , 19 , was arrested last may for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old . most of the girls were former classmates at poston butte high school . the pinal county attorney 's office says kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation .
jamal al-labani was in yemen visiting his pregnant wife and the couple 's two-and-a-half-year-old daughter . he was trying to get his family out of the war-torn middle eastern nation and take them to oakland . but the us has withdrawn its diplomatic staff and the country has shut down most airports .
savannah guthrie and carson daly swapped gender roles in order to transform into two iconic characters from the hit movie grease . carson took on the role of olivia newton-john 's character sandy , while savannah , in a leather jacket and sunglasses , was danny , originally played by john travolta . chrissy teigen , one of the hosts of spike tv 's new series lip sync battle , was the inspiration for the today hosts ' colorful performances
eight animals are dead , including at least one alligator that once belonged to michael jackson , after a fire last week destroyed two enclosures . authorities suspect an arsonist is to blame for the march 26 fire that left seven alligators and a crocodile ` boiled to death ' at the garold wayne interactive zoological park . the fire was set in the early morning hours that march day and joe schreibvogel , the founder of the zoo , said not only did
kfc has come under fire for hiring a food stylist in a bid to change its image . the third programme in the series focused on the methods employed by the creative team behind kfc 's rebranding exercise . kfc has a global turnover of 23 billion dollars a year , and a billion of that comes from the uk alone .
david cameron will set out the conservative case for people keeping more of their own money because they ` know best ' how it should be spent . he will add that it is ` wrong -- frankly immoral -- for government to spend money like it grows on trees ' . other measures to encourage saving will also begin , with the isa limit increasing to # 15,240 and the 10p savings tax band abolished .
faris al-khori , 62 , had dozens of chemicals , poisonous materials , bolts and handwritten notes on how to make a bomb . the equipment was found purely by chance in april last year after a fire at a block of flats in the muirhouse area of edinburgh . firefighters , who were responding to a 999 call over a fire within a rubbish chute on the 11th floor , had found jars containing various powders .
britain struck oil in the falklands this week in a remote field of the islands . officials claim companies active there are acting ` illegally ' in argentine territory . comes just days after defence secretary michael fallon warned of a ` very live threat ' from argentina . he said the foreign and planning ministries would undertake a joint legal filing in the coming days .
fashion fans who follow many of the top bloggers on instagram experienced an extreme case of déjà vu over the weekend after the same dress was modeled by no less than 50 fashionistas . in order to ensure maximum exposure for their new design lab collection , the company partnered with 50 of the most influential fashion bloggers .
iain watters binned his baked alaska after the ice cream was left out of the freezer and it melted . but now he 's back with his modern take on traditional fruity easter fare - a simnel cake . the cake already has a distinctive appearance but iain has taken that even further by dying it green .
ile louët is set 1148 ft from the shore in brittany , france , and is the perfect retreat for up to 10 guests costing just # 145 . the quaint cottage is a comfortable stay and can be hired for the small sum of $ 200 -lrb- # 145 -rrb- for two nights . from 1857 to the 1960s this was done by person , and the island was inhabited until this point by the families of the guiders .
latoya tilson , 33 , took out a .25 - caliber handgun and fired several times into the feuding crowd in college park , georgia , on saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone . but while one bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in the buttocks , another hit tilson 's son , pierre , in the head . he was not breathing and a bullet was lodged in his head . his mother had fled the scene , it is alleged
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood of new orleans almost two years ago . the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating . the home is decorated with materials salvaged from other homes and salvage markets .
rutgers university has banned fraternity and sorority house parties at its main campus in new brunswick , new jersey , for the rest of the spring semester . last month , a fraternity was shut down because of an underage drinking incident in which a member of sigma phi epsilon was taken to a hospital after drinking heavily at the fraternity house . in september , a 19-year-old student , caitlyn kovacs , died of alcohol poisoning after attending a fraternity party
a new survey by ripley 's believe it or not has shown who we would most like to be in our dream celebrity family . david beckham was voted number one choice for dad . holly willoughby was voted as the person we would least like to have as our mother . ed sheeran and channing tatum have been picked for the top spots .
the towers will range from 115ft to 164ft and help monitor the 124mile long border between the two countries using cctv . the increased border monitoring comes amid heightened tensions between russia and poland over the conflict in ukraine . russian president vladimir putin has also been accused of singling out poland as an enemy .
gordon ewen captured the festive photograph using a telescope at the bottom of his garden in letchworth , hertfordshire . the large telescope focuses on a specific wavelength of light and allows him to see the details created on the sun 's surface as hydrogen gas surfaces and swirls . each one can be more than ten times the size of our planet .
vietnamese labourer pham quang lanh , 28 , had a metal plate inserted over his skull . but the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection . it was only when he asked family to look at the wound that they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin and they took him to the hanoi 's viet duc hospital .
kim ki-jong , 55 , was also indicted on charges of assaulting a foreign envoy and obstruction , according to an official at the seoul central district court . on monday , the recovering diplomat , mark lippert , was pictured out on the streets of seoul flanked by five bodyguards . his left hand is still in a cast from the attack .
vatican medics told francis to cut his pasta intake to two servings a week . they are concerned about the sedentary lifestyle of the 78-year-old catholic leader -- who spends much of his time hard at work at his desk or in meetings . francis himself has suggested that he does not expect to live to an old age .
germanwings passenger hugh roche kelly posted the account on his twitter profile of how the pilot managed to dispel the ` tense vibe ' by his actions . data from the second black box recorder on germanwings flight 4u9525 confirmed co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately flew the airbus a320 into the side of a mountain . mr kelly 's post said he was thankful passengers were still prepared to fly with the company .
bayern munich 's thiago alcantara scored the second header of the evening to double bayern 's advantage and level the tie at 3-3 . robert lewandowski made it a hat-trick of bayern headers on 27 minutes as the bavarians took full control of tuesday 's tie . thomas muller added a second for bayern as they led on away goals .
louis jordan , 37 , was rescued 200 miles off the north carolina coast . he said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat . but doubters have questioned how jordan seemed in such good shape . he left hours later after claiming to have broken a shoulder and who appears well-fed , with pale , unblemished skin .
the four million square foot motiongate dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually . the theme park will have safety measures in place for guests - unlike katniss ' experience in the arena in hunger games . the final instalment , the hunger games : mockingjay - part 2 , is debuting on nov 20 , 2015 .
molly wood , 74 , died after the burgundy kia venga had its engine running . the pensioner 's sister , 70 , was also injured in the incident . emergency services were called but she died at the scene in pontefract . her sister was also hurt in the accident but escaped with minor injuries .
andy jordan is one of london 's best-dressed men by american gq . he has launched his own line of surf-inspired city wear called jam industries . andy , an avid surfer , shot a campaign on west wittering beach , the closest surf school to london .
andy murray attended barcelona 's champions league quarter-final second leg clash against psg . the british no 1 watched lionel messi and co defeat their european counterparts with best man ross hutchins . murray is currently in barcelona as he trains on clay courts with jonas bjorkman .
former saturday night live cast member gary kroeger said he will run in the 2016 democratic primary for iowa 's 1st district . the 57-year-old iowa native says he wants to focus on progressive policies , such as investing in education and protecting the environment . ` i 'm a lion of liberalism . i truly embrace these policies of civil rights , economic equity , economic prosperity and upward mobility , ' he said .
aaron tate , 29 , is accused to leaving his daughter alone on the floor of a mcdonald 's and then driving away . police say rachel jaajaa , 22 , refused to take her daughter because it was the father 's ` turn to have the baby ' . they were both arrested monday and charged with child endangering .
the sokaze-ki q uses fluid dynamics to take air in at the rear of the 10-inch -lrb- 25cm -rrb- device , move it through specially designed channels . panasonic japan said once the turbofan has moved the air flow to the front of the device , a ` high-pressure jet airflow ' creates straight , direct blasts of air . alternatively , the q has a ' 1/f fluctuation ' function that reduces the force of the air
department of public safety trooper billy spears posed for the photo at south by southwest in austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech . spears ' bosses called snoop a figure who has a ` criminal background including numerous drug charges ' . snoop has convictions for drug possession and stood trial for murder in 1993 before being acquitted .
jamie silvonek , 14 , and her boyfriend , 20-year-old army spc caleb barnes , have been charged with killing the girl 's mother . jamie ` conspired with her boyfriend to have her mother killed , texting him hours before the woman was stabbed to death , ' it emerged today . barnes was previously charged with homicide .
yemeni rebels have seized president abedrabbo mansour hadi 's palace . security officials said member of al-qaeda stormed a hadramawt provincial prison in southeast yemen and freed more than 300 inmates . two guards and five inmates were killed in clashes , the official said .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on sunday . jamie carragher believes john terry is the best defender to have played in the premier league . the 34-year-old says terry has been almost as influential as chelsea 's star man eden hazard .
stuart , 33 , claimed to have picked up chlamydia from a car exhaust . ex-girlfriend sophie offered up the novel excuse when accused of cheating . stuart was backstage with his new ` wife ' linda and burst onto the stage to deny he had ever used the bizarre excuse .
neil bantleman was afforded one final kiss from his wife before being led away by police . sentence sparked outrage from his supporters , including the school itself and the international community . also standing trial for abusing the children is ferdinand tjiong , an indonesian teaching assistant at the school .
jayla currie from berne , indiana , is a part of the wee ones nursery program at the indiana women 's prison . the system was established in 2008 and allows mothers , like jayla , to share rooms with their babies while they serve out their sentences . in 23-year-old 's case that means a 10 month sentence for drug charges .
jasmine midgley nearly died after a birthmark began blocking her airways . doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma . haemangiomas are benign tumors made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper . if they grow and are left untreated , they can cause potentially fatal breathing difficulties .
george osborne said he wanted to see half a million first time buyers get on the housing ladder every year by 2020 . he pledged to double the number of people buying their first home using government help-to-by schemes . since 2010 there have been 1.2 million first-time purchases and mr osborne wants at least 2.4 million more over the next five years .
knox said she would lobby on behalf of other innocent people jailed ` because i know how a wrongful conviction can destroy one 's life ' . american , known as foxy knoxy , and former boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for the 2007 murder of meredith kercher . last year an appeal court overturned their acquittal finding the pair guilty of the murder again .
two adjoining ` his and hers ' mansions have gone on the market on the world-renowned sandbanks peninsula for # 13million . the homes have been built on a 3,000 sqm plot , which was previously occupied by a four-bedroom house . but after buying the plot for # 4.25 m , developers eked out every square on the area by building two homes .
eva pusztai-fahidi says seeing former ss officer oskar groening in court is ' a kind of satisfaction ' . the 89-year-old says she could never have imagined she would be testifying before a german court and that ` for me it 's not about the punishment ' . groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder and faces a possible three to 15 years if convicted .
ronaldinho rolled back the years by scoring two goals in quick succession during the liga mx match . the 2002 world cup winner came on as the game approached full-time but still struck in the 85th and 90th minutes . yasser corona struck midway through the first half , and orbelin pineda 's on the stroke of half-time .
cara newton , 32 , was diagnosed with ewing 's sarcoma in april 2009 . she had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility . but 10 months later they were astounded to discover mrs newton had become pregnant naturally with baby sebastian , who was born last april .
james weld stumped up # 15,000 to bring an end to a three year stand-off with natural england over access to durdle door beach . the previous steps that lead down to the popular tourist attraction were washed away in storms in 2012 . the family have maintained the steps since they first bought the land in the 1600s .
thousands of children who fail maths and english tests in primary school will be forced by the tories to re-sit them to ensure they can read , write and add up . david cameron will announce that all children who do not pass their tests aged 11 will have to take them again in the first year of secondary school .
tripadvisor 's annual cost comparison report compared the cost of hotel room service items in 48 popular holiday destinations around the world . guests could buy 16 bottles of vodka in kiev , ukraine , for the same price as a club sandwich in zurich . eastern europe boasts six of the world 's 10 best value destinations .
labour 's biggest backer accused of employing workers on zero-hours contracts . ed miliband has received more than # 13million from unite since 2010 . the 59-year-old welcomed the ruling , saying : ` i never thought i would be taking my union to court . it is hypocrisy ' .
john mccallum , 27 , was sentenced to 20 years ' in jail this week . he broadsided francesca weatherhead , 25 , while fleeing police following a botched burglary . mrs weatherhead 's vehicle flipped and killed her on october 6 last year . he was paroled not five months prior - despite being sentenced to a maximum of 20 years in prison on his latest break-in and drug possession arrest .
the sydney observatory has been expressing their concerns over the bad weather forecast for the big night . so much so , they 're plans to regularly update keen spectators with phase process images have been thwarted due to cloudy conditions . the next two eclipses are forecast to happen are on april 4 and september 28 , 2015 .
nicola sturgeon is a smiling assassin , making her a tricky opponent for cameron to stand next to . in his après-paxman mode , david cameron was looking serious and oozing leadership charisma . cameron kept a firm hand on the leadership rudder . he made no mistakes but there were no surprises either .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was convicted last month of second-degree murder in the death of garnett-paul spears at a suburban new york hospital . prosecutors said spears loaded the hospitalized boy 's feeding tube with a lethal amount of salt and kept on blogging . spears ' lawyer stephen riebling blamed the hospital for negligence .
ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early february . danielle , julia and alexa brody say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened . julia went on to admit that she first thought a driver had intentionally driven on to the tracks , before she knew her mother was driving .
hannah campbell , 30 , was struck down with a condition that caused her stomach to rupture , leaving her fighting for her life in intensive care . her relationship broke down with long-term partner and lexi-river 's father anthony mcmorrow , 32 , who proposed to her on valentine 's day last year . miss campbell suffered horrific injuries when a mortar bomb hit the building in basra .
poldark actor aidan turner has admitted to using baby oil to show off his physique to maximum effect . the 31-year-old is dating fellow rising irish star sarah greene . shaven reveal in a bid to stay true to the 18th century male grooming that ross poldark himself might have partaken in .
nicola sturgeon was hailed as the shock winner of last night 's tv debate . he was deemed well ahead with miliband trailing david cameron and nigel farage . overall , an average of four polls of viewers put mr cameron just ahead . mr miliband on 28 per cent and mr farage just 10 per cent , according to yougov .
robert dellinger , 54 , told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across a median at more than 100mph and plowed into an oncoming suv . the crash killed 24-year-old amanda murphy , who was eight months pregnant , and her fiance , jason timmons , 29 . during the first day of what is expected to be a two-day sentencing , the former executive at ppg industries told the court
more than 60 per cent of americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes . general mess , dated carpets and kitchens , unfinished diy projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments . more than half have n't let visitors in to certain rooms , and 36 per cent steer people away from coming to visit altogether .
josh mason said his own party leader nick clegg was ` not the most popular ' . but after lib dem hq heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing u-turn . mr clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since the heyday of the 2010 election campaign .
the 28 minute movie in which a woman , dressed as a school girl , has sex with a man in a vintage train carriage . locals in the area were shocked to learn the location had been rented out to american adult film company brazzers . the storyline , which is apparently set in the 1940s , then moves to a wooden-panelled train carriages .
the ` mediterranean-dash intervention for neurodegenerative delay ' -lrb- mind -rrb- diet includes at least three daily servings of wholegrains and salad -- along with an extra vegetable and a glass of wine . these ` brain-healthy foods ' lowered the risk of alzheimer 's by 53 per cent .
benjamin netanyahu said iran 's agreement to reduce some of its nuclear programme would pave the way for tehran to build an atomic bomb . thousands danced in the streets to celebrate the landmark accord which could finally result in the easing of economic restrictions that have caused the price of essentials to soar .
the company behind the device says it has the potential to break down the chemical components of almost any object from a distance . technology that claims to transform any smartphone into a star trek-style tricorder is set to be unveiled in israel . hyperspectral imaging collects and processes information from across the electromagnetic spectrum .
prince harry is due to arrive in australia on the 6th april . he will split his time between capital canberra , sydney , darwin and perth . harry will tour the world war i and afghanistan galleries before meeting members of the public .
emma jackson , 28 , asked unemployed mark ray , 56 , to turn it down . but within a week of moving in , her dream home turned into a nightmare . ms jackson has been forced to move home because of mr ray . she says she lives in terror of him discovering her new address .
purvi patel , 33 , of granger , indiana has been jailed for 20 years . she was convicted on charges of feticide and neglect of a dependent . ms patel attended st joseph 's hospital in mishawaka on july 13 , 2013 . she denied that she had even been pregnant , even though medical staff found an umbilical cord attached to her .
dunkin donuts ' new spring menu features the 640-calorie pretzel roll chicken sandwich which contains 68 per cent of your daily allowance of salt . the menu also features two new flavors of the chain 's cheesecake square donuts , which each contain upwards of 340 calories . obesity and obesity-related illness accounts for a $ 150 billion dollars of healthcare expenditures annually .
lauren bacall 's personal mementos fetched $ 3.64 million on the auction block at bonhams new york earlier this week . there were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day sale , including housewares , furniture and clothing . every single one of them found a buyer , a spokesperson for the auction house confirmed .
jasmine and jasmine were surrendered to pug rescue and adoption victoria in 2013 with a variety of health problems . both dogs were morbidly obese , struggling to breathe , and almost blind due to pigmentary keratitis , where a thick brown pigment covered their corneas . after six months of rehabilitation , in which both dogs lost 3kg and had their sight almost entirely restored , they were found a loving new home .
lorraine cobourn had to leave her job as a barclays bank clerk as a result of the injuries she suffered when the yellow taxi struck her in may last year . the 51-year-old has received two payouts and is now undergoing counselling to help her deal with the psychological damage she received .
marcelo and mario suarez were booked during the 0-0 draw at the vicente calderon . neither player were happy with referee milorad mazic , both feeling that their challenges were n't strong enough to be punished with a card . suarez expressed his frustration after the game , saying : ` the referee is very bad . they ca n't use a serbian referee for these type of games ' .
andy mcilvaine , 33 , was lugging three bottles of champagne onto a flight from baltimore to maine in october to propose to his girlfriend kelley mulfinger . the party happened when fiance andy sent a note to the southwest ceo thanking his company for a $ 100 voucher . ` the next thing you know , i 'm talking to these five southwest employees , ' he said .
school students in north east china 's jilin province are being forced to the sidewalk everyday to eat their lunch . with teachers banning packed lunches and erecting barbed wire and metal sheeting to prevent smuggling . students claim food cooked in the school canteen is simply too horrible to eat .
ed miliband lost the support of a plus-sized blogger just hours after she signed a high-profile letter backing him . campaign chiefs had attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message . the plan quickly unravelled as it was revealed the 100 ` working people ' supporting mr miliband included a benefit fraudster .
facebook has two days to release all emails to a defense lawyer whose client has fled from criminal charges that he falsely claimed a majority ownership in the social media giant . ceglia has been on the run for a month after cutting off his electronic ankle bracelet . his father told a court they believe facebook and the prosecutors were conspiring against him .
kathryn beale is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff . the 41-year-old mother-of-two is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers . she whizzes it into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits .
matt derbyshire scored the only goal against brighton on monday . rotherham have been charged with fielding an ineligible player . steve evans said he had been recalled by the rams . the case will be heard by a disciplinary panel who hope to rule on the matter before the end of the season .
new jersey governor chris christie was n't looking too presidential tuesday night when he got into a heated debate with a veteran teacher at a town hall meeting . ` he 's always taken a very nasty and disrespectful tone with teachers and other individuals who dare to question him at these events , ' steve wollmer of the nj education association told nj.com . christie settled the deal for $ 225million , despite the fact that the state had originally asked for $ 8.
former national security chief zhou yongkang is embroiled in the biggest corruption case since mao zedong 's widow went on trial with the rest of the ` gang of four ' . he is likely to be found guilty , and could be executed . the all-powerful chinese communist party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing .
a 50-year-old driver will front court on tuesday faced with a string of charges after police allege he rammed his car into the home at delaneys creek , north-west of brisbane , about 7.30 pm on monday . police say five people , including a woman believed to be the man 's ex-partner , were in the home when the car crashed into the side of it . the victim received multiple stab wounds and died at the scene . the
ahmed al-karim , head of the salahuddin provincial council , said fighters had burnt ` hundreds of houses ' in the last two days . it comes as prime minister haider al-abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of tikrit , retaken from the islamic state group this week .
the incident occurred on bridge st in hornsby on the upper north shore of sydney and is a regular occurrence . nsw police also shared the image with the caption ` the heat is on ' , leading many to question what the car owner 's offence actually was . in the pictures , the chili peppers are clearly slashed open and littered on the bonnet of the car .
more than 7million gardens in britain have now been paved over . the royal horticultural society is calling on people to plant trees , shrubs , climbers , hedges or flowers to attract wildlife , improve air quality and reduce urban temperatures . the society has issued advise for people to transform their gardens by planting a tree , hedge and a shrub .
kadeem brown , 25 , was knocked over by a passing taxi in the bronx , new york . his green taxi struck and killed little tierre clark , five , who was five . garcia has since had his tlc license taken away but has not been charged with any crime .
charles kane of spencerport , new york had communicated with the girl online after posting a craigslist ad seeking a young girl for a daddy/daughter relationship . he was arrested when he arrived at the theater with a full box of condoms as the young girl was in fact an undercover police officer . on january 26 , an officer noticed another sexually explicit ad which they again traced back to kane , and this time a cop posed as a 14-year-old girl . kane
jesse roepcke , 27 , was busted in ormond beach , florida , sunday on charges of pointing a laser at a driver or pilot and possession or use of narcotic paraphernalia . as he was been strip-searched , a bag of marijuana fell out of his rectum , police discovered that the man had stashed a quantity of pot in his backside .
angela collins and margaret elizabeth hanson from port hope , ontario , decided to use xytex corp to start a family in 2006 , believing they had a strict vetting process . according to a lawsuit seen by the atlanta constitution journal , the pair were told their donor had an iq of 160 , a bachelor of science degree in neuroscience . but they have accused the firm of false advertising . he was also described as being mature beyond his years and an eloquent speaker .
mohammad liaqat banned muslim pupils from growing beards . the 34-year-old objected to the strict uniform policy at mount carmel high school . he even assaulted the headmaster during the rampage in front of shocked parents as they picked up their children . he was told to stay away from the school , so went to another school where he continued his rant .
scientists have created a special robo-explorer to borrow into the ice . the icefin was deployed through a 12-inch diameter hole through 20 meters of ice and another 500 meters of water to the sea floor . the technologies developed for icefin will also help in the search for life on other planets , namely europa , a moon of jupiter .
kayla mooney , 24 , is in her first year teaching science at danbury high school in danbury , connecticut . she turned herself into police at 5pm on tuesday . her arrest came after the school 's administration contacted police in february with the allegations and the danbury police department 's special victims unit launched a seven-week investigation .
the under-25s saw their wages rise more than eight times faster than the over-50s . last year , workers aged 18 to 24 received bumper 10.6 per cent pay rises . for workers aged 50 to 64 , pay rises plunge to a meagre 1.2 per cent .
number of gps from abroad up by 11 per cent in a decade as nhs tries to combat a shortage of staff . foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five although in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds . senior doctors say the number will rise further over the next few years because the nhs is so short of homegrown medics .
jan hansen 's 7ft tall easter egg made using 352lbs -lrb- 160kg -rrb- of chocolate . it is made from layers of belgian chocolate which covers an iron frame . mr hansen hopes to raise # 1,000 from the sale of the egg for st barnabas hospice .
the lunar event - where earth 's shadow completely blocks the moon - lasted only five minutes , making it the shortest eclipse of the century . the so-called ` blood moon ' could be seen by billions of people across the western u.s. , canada and australia . the next one will be visible from europe .
hiv specialists and network security experts made the disovery after creating a simulation of how the virus spreads . they worked together to build a model for this ` hybrid spreading ' which accurately predicted patients ' progression from hiv to aids in a major clinical trial . the model predicts that treatment should start as soon as possible after infection to prevent aids from developing in the long term .
the tsa got to keep $ 675,000 in spare change dropped by travellers last year . the funds appear to be increasing every year , according to figures from the transportation security administration . the sum was $ 107,000 more than what passengers left behind in 2012 , and more than $ 150,000 than 2011 .
nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans . bulldogs ceo raelene castle checks on the nrl interchange official who has been injured at the end of game . greenberg said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable .
daniel demarco , of lodi , was arrested in an elmwood park car lot at 2.45 pm on friday for being in possession of one bag of crack cocaine , a hypodermic syringe and drug paraphernalia . police on scene believed he looked suspicious as they were patrolling the area for narcotics travel . they have not said if he will face suspension .
concerns are raised about labour 's policy under shadow education secretary tristram hunt . 80 current and former leaders say there is clear evidence that academy-style freedoms are benefiting a generation of children . but they say labour -- and some senior lib dems -- appear to be threatening to reimpose state controls .
colin mcinerney , 28 , claims he was beaten and had his head stomped on by a man , two teenagers and a boy aged only about 10 on friday night at the fast food restaurant in coolalinga . the man 's 22-year-old girlfriend , rachael sheppard , told the nt news he had just gestured at the family by waving with his little pinky as people do in darwin . despite telling the family they thought they were someone
youtube user joe penna and animator jeff schweikart took between three-to-four days to complete the project . penna , who is best known online as mysteryguitarman , solved a whopping 1,296 mini rubik 's cubes 961 times . the short narrative features a robot entering a workshop , building a spaceship and heading off into the atmosphere .
mike holpin , 56 , says he wants more children because it is ` god 's will ' . he says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives . mr holpin or the children 's mothers would also have been able to claim at least # 500,000 in child tax credits .
france today voted to punish anyone who ` incites ' people to become dangerously thin with prison and huge fines . now these ` pro-anorexia ' sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over # 7,000 . around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in france , the vast majority women and teenage girls .
the too big to ignore campaign will allow small businesses to put up posters in their windows explaining why they are closed . some young workers who earn up to $ 50 on public holidays will not be able to earn money this weekend . the penalty rates will come into force from good friday to easter .
pat ingles , 69 , remembers her grandmother sitting by the fire knitting . in comparison , she prefers to dress up in kinky outfits and go out drinking . she lost her husband 12 years ago to prostate cancer . now she 's focused on enjoying herself and wants to make the most of the time she has left .
toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee , on thursday . when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand . forty-nine precious stones followed . instead of being horrified by the bizarre discovery , elliot reportedly posed for photos with her treasure afterwards .
fashion retailers have started to get in on the beauty act . from marks and spencer to primark , they 're all at it , flogging foundation and lippy alongside frocks and leggings . topshop beauty 's eye shadow creates an iridescent shimmer and the lunar colour is perfect for a smokey eye .
more than 200 yazidi prisoners set free in northern iraq after nearly a year in islamic state captivity . the yazidis , made up of women , children and the elderly , are said to be in poor health and bearing signs of abuse and neglect . instead , they were piled onto a minibus that drove them to peshmerga positions .
photographer scott gable , 39 , spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment . the crop accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans and 87 per cent of it is produced in asia . mr gable said he was determined to capture every stage of production with his rice project .
harold ekeh , 18 , has been accepted by every single one - including all eight ivy league schools . it comes a year after another high schooler from long island , kwasi enin , was met with the same news . he says his parents ' struggle inspired him to take every opportunity he was afforded .
the tidwell middle school student - aged 13 or 14 - started a blog last year that was called ` killing children ' . there were 11 chapters published online up until january this year , featuring stories titled ` massacre ' , ` thrown under the bus ' and ` blood , blood , and more blood ' . some of the names of students at the school featured in the blog , with one section reading : ` he tries to hold in a scream , but it escapes him when i drive the scissors down
jamyra gallmon , of washington d.c. , was arrested on wednesday , according to police . she has been charged with first-degree felony murder while armed over the killing of 30-year-old david messerschmitt . gallmon attended forestville military academy in maryland and was an exemplary student .
fitness guru ashy bines has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she shared had been ripped off from other websites . the 26-year-old has earned an enormous social media , with almost one million followers on social media . the workout queen is best known for her 12-week exercise program . ms bines said she left recipe sourcing to a nutritionist who was ` better qualified ' to give advice in a video seen by daily mail australia .
private injury claims company has collapsed after being fined # 80,000 . direct assist , based in bolton , lancashire , told one complainant that they were likely to be called for three years until they made a claim . every complaint came from someone who was registered with the tps and who had not given permission to call them .
thai airways is the only thai airline that regularly operates in australia . un 's international civil aviation organization reported that it found ` significant safety concerns ' with the country 's aviation safety . the regulator claims to have made contact with the airline and the thai aviation safety regulator for ` further detailed information ' .
the boston runbase will allow visitors to learn about the world 's most prestigious road race , run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history . the wreath , and other historic items from the race , will be on display when runbase opens later in april .
donna hussey , 32 , has been branded a ` bad mum ' by trolls on facebook . her son freddie , three , was killed when a runaway trailer mounted the pavement and crushed him against a wall in bedminster , bristol . police investigators found the trailer had not been correctly attached to the land rover but driver tony davies avoided prison after admitting causing death by careless driving .
sites in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire are being used to radicalise muslims , according to an officer from the wales extremism and counter terrorism unit . those involved in such activities ` take part in seemingly ordinary activities ' in the community but ` have an ulterior motive ' , detective constable gareth jones said .
scientists in italy have extracted the oldest ever dna sample to be taken from a neanderthal . calcium formations on ` altamura man ' , a skeleton found in a cave in 1993 , suggest he was 128,000 to 187,000 years old . now researchers plan to sequence his dna to see if they can reveal new details about the evolution of our ancient ancestors .
orana wildlife park in new zealand 's christchurch is one of the few zoos in the world which has installed a moving cage to bring spectators as close as possible to lions . 20 people , including visitors and zoo keepers , climb inside to have lunch with a lion with a pack of the hungry beasts clambering over the cage .
joseph getty , 26 , pleaded guilty to drink-driving and received 20-month ban . he had 83 microgrammes of alcohol per 100ml of breath when he was stopped . his relative andrew getty was found dead at his hollywood home . getty earns # 40,000 a year as a financial analyst and was given a # 96,000 bonus last year .
john noble , 53 , shot himself in the head while waiting in a las vegas hotel buffet line for harassing female employees in 2013 . included in the detailed package was a two hour dvd in which a clearly upset noble addresses the camera and a letter entitled ` the curse ' , wishing harm on the women he blames for having him banned from the casino .
ukip mep diane james has insisted the party would carry on if nigel farage failed to win the parliamentary seat he is contesting in thanet south . poll paid for by a ukip donor but carried out by experts comres put the conservatives on course to retain the seat by a small margin .
bryan santana of orlando , florida , has been charged with murder in the death of his former roommate shelby fazio and her dog . he is accused of stabbing and strangling her dog , and using its blood to write messages on the wall . jurors also heard the after allegedly wrapping a belt around her neck and stabbing her in the throat with a pen . he then reportedly had sex with her corpse , killed and mutilated her dog and wrote messages in blood on the
photographer victor albert prout developed the negatives in an improvised dark room on board his punt which he sailed along the river thames . despite being more than 150 years old , most of the images are instantly recognisable today . prout 's collection is the oldest documented record of britain 's best known landmarks , such as windsor castle .
around 1,800 workers at the compagnie mauricienne de textile factory went on strike last week about their pay , harsh treatment , food and concerns about a missing worker . now 69 of the women have been deported to bangladesh and scores more now fear for their jobs . whistles , in partnership with feminist charity the fawcett society and elle magazine , enlisted the factory to make the # 45 t-shirts last year .
ephedra foeminea is the only plant species so far that 's known to behave in . when a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty orbs at night , the pollen it 's carrying is used to fertilise the seed . researchers from stockholm university noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research .
concerns have been raised over a program which allows school students to gain entry to university . tuition , sporting and curricula fees for scot 's college , reportedly top $ 30,000 . the program was devised by the university 's commercial arm , sydney learning , and students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses .
peter thurston , 80 , takes his vessel , dubbed the ` catamavan ' , out on the river swale in kent regularly and enjoys the views of the countryside . he says his small yachts were too cramped for leisure cruising , and he could n't buy a bigger vessel . hundreds of two-litre bottles fill the twin hulls , so the boat wo n't sink even if it gets a hole as he travels up and down the same stretch of river .
uk is now the second largest aid donor in the world . spending on foreign aid is set to increase by an extra # 1billion over the next two years because of new eu rules . britain 's overseas contributions will swell even further , many of whom believe it was wrong to spend so much when the defence budget faces cuts .
winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic . but the hse denied tightening rules and said councils were ` over-interpreting ' legislation . former poet laureate sir andrew motion accused town hall bosses and highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish .
avastin is just as effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration -lrb- amd -rrb- as the current treatment , lucentis . the bmj says the drug company has consistently tried to ` undermine and divert attention ' from trials to prove avastin works .
the south australian senator 's partner sophie allouache gave birth to baby hannah on good friday . the couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to three-year-old alexandra . it is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter in 2011 .
scientists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained . now , one scientist says this may not be true , and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within . the research marks a significant step toward solving the ` information loss paradox , ' a problem that has plagued physics for almost 40 years .
the elaborate fraud involved cars and vans being driven into the side of first group buses so passengers could falsely claim from insurers . the crashes took place between october 2010 and january 2012 and earned ringleader john smith 45 , from connah 's quay , north wales , # 159,000 . the driver of the car would admit full liability , allowing all of the passengers from the bus to submit personal injury claims .
a british nuclear submarine suffered # 500,000 damage in a collision . the 5,300-ton hms talent limped back to port with a huge dent . but the collision , which ripped a 6ft hole at the top of the conning tower , comes at a time of heightened tension between britain and russia .
the lhc is situated underground below the border between switzerland and france . it was shut down two years ago after confirming the discovery of the higgs boson - so that its energy levels could be doubled . scientists hope the machine will be able to detect and describe dark matter for the first time ever .
the latest domestic fashion is for private home cinemas . celebrities with a home cinema include the sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch , retail tycoon sir philip green and chelsea fc owner roman abramovich . the ceiling height would be 9.5 ft , and the room measures some 300 sq ft .
john shipton 's uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 kent street , newtown in sydney 's inner west , was first put on the market for at least $ 1.1 million . however the founder of the wikileaks party , whose son is still seeking refuge in london 's ecuadorean embassy , managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price . the unique home was last purchased by his partner catherine barber in 1989 for $ 130
staff from the london ambulance service have just filled 225 vacant posts with applicants from sydney and melbourne . they were recruited on the back of a series of practical demonstrations on dummies , a written exam and an interview that lasted in all between four and six hours . it is the latest example of how the nhs is recruiting overseas because it has failed to train enough staff in britain to meet the needs of the rising and ageing population .
etienne gould nunan was born at melbourne 's monash hospital in july last year . doctors said he was n't going to make it , with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed . his parents carman gould and jonathan nunan have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing .
nicola sturgeon said the rising retirement age was particularly unfair for pensioners in scotland because they do n't live as long as their counterparts in the rest of the country . she issued a demand for a huge inflation-busting increase in the state pension , which would cost billions of pounds .
officer patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force . the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau launched an investigation into the incident in the west village . footage captured by a passenger was posted online .
benjamin netanyahu slammed the iran nuclear deal , claiming it threatens the jewish state and puts his people in mortal danger . the preliminary agreement set out a framework where iran would scale down plans to enrich uranium and make weapons-grade plutonium in return for western powers . if they are found to be in violation of the terms , the sanctions will be put back in place .
some 35,000 gathered on the white house south lawn monday morning for the 137th annual easter egg roll festivities . pop band fifth harmony and duo mkto brought music to the event , and mrs obama joined the so you think you can dance all stars on stage . this comes only days after she sported her mom dance moves on the tonight show starring jimmy fallon during a segment called the evolution of mom dancing part 2 .
ian walters , 51 , allegedly killed his wife tracy by deliberately driving their truck into a line of trees near markfield , leicestershire . prosecutors allege that walters deliberately steered his mitsubishi l200 off the motorway after his wife said she wanted a divorce . walters denies the murder of his wife , who died in hospital two days after the high-speed crash .
police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. wednesday on the bryan center plaza in durham , north carolina . the area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the center for sexual and gender diversity .
a milk price war is set to break out following a landmark decision by the eu to scrap quotas restricting production . the move is expected to drive a spike in production , particularly in countries like ireland , germany and the netherlands . farmers who produced above their quota were hit with punishing cash penalties .
julian lines was filmed completing the climb in the cairngorm , scotland . the 42-year-old is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds . he said ` life 's problems evaporate ' when he is climbing . but he admitted there had been times he had fallen and had ` close calls ' .
the 32-year-old was seen with an older male companion and some new braces on her already straight teeth while dining al fresco . this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , embattled former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling . on thursday , stiviano and her new friend , whose idnetity is not yet known , enjoyed some food at il pastaio in beverly hills .
photographs of celoron , new york , hometown of the famous comedienne reacted with shock and horror when the ' i love lucy ' statue was unveiled in 2009 . sculptor dave poulin called it ` by far my most unsettling sculpture ' and pledged to make a new one .
khalid saeed batarfi was a senior leader with al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula -lrb- aqap -rrb- before he was jailed by yemeni officials . two days ago he was freed , along with 300 other inmates , as the terrorist group stormed the prison he was being held in .
gwyneth paltrow is a swimwear brand that was started by former ballet dancer/surfer marysia dobrzanska reeves in 2009 . she 's quickly gained a cult following with celebs like lupita nyong ' o and rachel bilson spotted wearing her whimsical pieces . the black bikini is a classic must-have item in every woman 's wardrobe and will be a timeless investment .
the men 's clothing label is aimed at cashing in on a new wave of patriotism sweeping russia . comes ahead of a giant military parade in red square on may 9 to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the second world war . comes as the russian military machine asserts itself in ukraine and on the borders of the baltic states .
the boy scouts ' greater new york councils said they hired pascal tessier , an 18-year-old eagle scout who has been a vocal advocate of opening the organization to gay scouts and leaders . the boy scouts of america did n't immediately respond to an inquiry about the hire .
the great wall of china was created in 500 bc to protect the country 's northern border against foreign invasion . most of us travel with barely any legroom with hundreds of strangers and possibly screaming babies . the wall attracts over 10 million visitors annually so you could be battling your way through the crowds .
scientists from the university of sheffield believe the super absorbent properties of tampons could be used to detect pipes that shunt sewage into streams . they found that the cotton products absorb chemicals commonly used on toilet paper , laundry detergents and shampoos . they could shed light on previously undetectable misplumbed pathways .
the eccentrically-disguised man entered a branch of the u.s bank in the city of santa cruz at around 3pm last friday and handed the cashier a note demanding money . his blonde wig , female clothing , glasses and purse immediately prompted comparisons with mrs doubtfire from the 1993 movie of the same name in which robin williams played a divorcee . the 25 to 35-year-old man made off with an unknown sum of money after
high winds blowing sand across the united arab emirates have caused mayhem for people trying to travel and work in the country . high winds have meant travel chaos on the roads and skies for people in dubai . flights bound for the city 's international airport have had to be diverted because of the poor visibility .
boris majnaric , 75 , of south jordan , built the 384-sq-ft , four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds . over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons , detailing excess droppings and noise and last tuesday the structure was finally demolished . the retired french teacher told the deseret news that his doctor advised him to stay away from his home to ` avoid stress ' as he 'd recently been hospitalized
malia obama , 16 , is already visiting colleges in preparation for when she heads to school in the fall of 2016 . the 11th grade student , who attends the private sidwell friends school in washington , d.c. , has already visited at uc berkeley , stanford , nyu , columbia , harvard , brown , princeton , yale and wesleyan .
the gnome was signed by all four members of the beatles after starring on the iconic cover of the fab four 's 1967 album sgt pepper 's lonely hearts club band . cardboard cutouts or waxworks of more than 60 celebrities including bob dylan and marlon brando were on the cover picture .
madison small , from ashburn , virginia , left school early on monday and , after she woke up with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital . by tuesday afternoon , her father , tim small , had contacted the broad run high school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . the virginia medical examiner 's office is now investigating her death and an autopsy has been ordered , but no cause has yet been given .
scientists at yale university in connecticut in the us have revealed how the treatment , called azdo5030 , restored memory in mice given alzheimer 's disease . the drug worked by blocking a process that breaks nerve connections in the brain used to store memory . researchers say the study has led to the launch of human trials .
anthony stokes , 17 , died on tuesday after he crashed a stolen honda into a pole as he fled the scene of an attempted burglary at an elderly woman 's home in roswell , georgia . his death comes less than two years after he was given a second chance at life following a heart transplant at children 's healthcare of atlanta . the boy , from decatur , suffered from a dilated cardiomyopathy so his heart was unable to pump enough
lauren crawley , 54 , a housewife from kings langley , hertfordshire , was given a new platinum implant . facial palsy , or weakness of the facial muscles , can stop the patient 's eyelids closing properly . surgery was the only option . but my facial nerve , which was wrapped around the tumour , was damaged .
shocking footage has emerged of the moment a man stabbed a bouncer outside a melbourne nightclub just before the easter long weekend . police say the man had been ejected from the club late thursday night when he soon returned and attacked the security guard from behind . the 29-year-old bouncer was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
the latest find is thought to be the biggest underground city in cappadocia , consisting of 3.5 miles -lrb- 7km -rrb- of tunnels , secret churches , tombs and safe havens . the subterranean city dates back around 5,000 years and was discovered when builders saw signs of a massive network of tunnels . it lies beneath the nevşehir fortress and the surrounding area , which was being excavated during a construction project carried out by turkey '
nathaly hernandez has lived at the home of the innocents nursing facility in kentucky since she was three months old . footage shows her putting her heart and soul into the song - particularly as the rousing chorus builds . as she opens her mouth wide and scrunches up her face , nathaly determinedly raises her arms to indicate she 's singing at the top of the lungs .
zoe dennise prince , 28 , was working at the gold coast amusement park until september last year . she was allegedly injured on may 20 , 2013 when she allegedly experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the tower of terror thrill ride . in the claim , ms prince states that she now suffers from a permanent disability and subsequently a diminished earning capacity .
james robshaw was born with cerebral palsy after hospital staff failed to carry out a caesarean section on suzanne adams and properly monitor her during labour . the hospital 's negligence led to her son james , now 12 , being born with severe brain damage . ms adam 's lawyers hope to exceed this amount .
maria malone-guerbaa , 41 , used nothing but paints to turn herself into an uncanny painting of a grey rabbit with blue eyes . the mother-of-two said she did n't use any prosthetics or special effects to achieve the amazing result . she used her own brushes and kryolan paint , special dense , long-lasting make-up used by professionals working with stage actors .
shaun andrew mckerry , 31 , was arrested after he burst into shildon post office and stores in county durham wielding an axe . he was foiled after shopkeeper sab dhillon heard mckarry 's demands and ran from the back of the shop and rugby tackled him to the floor . but he was subdued by the owner who tackled him and his wife with a baseball bat and managed to subdue him further .
the 25-year-old suspect is alleged to have shot dead his fiancee , her parents and seven of her siblings on sunday . he is said to have been outraged over her uncle 's dithering over the marriage . police were searching for the suspects but they were believed to have fled into the semi-autonomous pashtun tribal area .
gang of four were seen trying to hack into an atm outside a waitrose supermarket . when they were arrested at a flat in tamworth a list of atms was found . they reached speeds of 145mph in the stolen audi rs7 at 3.20 am on september 29 last year .
lisa williams , 49 , hit taxi driver david coleman three times with the hammer . the colemans moved in next door to the family on st catherine 's road . william 's sibling jonathan had smeared mud all over the front bay windows . when the victim went to confront him , they got into a fight , court heard .
valerie cadman-khan , 56 , from middlesborough , appeared on this morning to talk about the incident in which a policeman took her in for questioning . she recalled the events of 2008 to presenter ruth langsford when her daughter aimee , now 19 , was just 12 . valerie recalled how she was cuffed in front of her scared and crying daughter . but she said the worst part of the arrest was the aftermath in which her abilities as a mother were called into question
charles terreni jr was four times over the legal alcohol limit when he died , an autopsy has found . he was found at the pi kappa alpha house in columbia , not far from campus , the morning after an alleged ` kegger ' at the house for the annual irish holiday .
franco kahlo wrote passionate love letters to jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 . during her marriage to muralist diego rivera , frida penned the letters . their steamy correspondence began shortly after she returned to mexico . then-39-year-old frida wrote in october of 1946 . the letters are expected to fetch upwards of $ 120,000 .
michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women . the former lib dem councillor used the party 's offices in ashfield , nottinghamshire , to hold auditions for the sordid films . some of the clips show women bound with leather straps , while others show girls drenched in fake blood .
scientists funded by cancer research uk studied samples taken from tumours in the prostate and around the body in ten affected men . the latest study gets to the root of this spread , and could mean better outcomes for the 42,000 men a year diagnosed with the illness . in future , doctors may be able to find these key cells in individual patients .
punters have reacted with a mixture amusement and fury to the announcement future music festival will not return to australia in 2016 . many people were genuinely upset over the cancellation - blaming the festival organisers for sending themselves broke by spending too much money on headline acts drake and avicii . the festival first began in 2006 as a standalone one day festival in sydney .
the geographic cone snail -lrb- conus geographus -rrb- uses the chemical to cause a plunge in blood sugar , leaving the fish sluggish and unable to swim to safety . it hunts in two ways , both by releasing toxins into the water and by firing a harpoon-like poison-tipped tooth into its prey.no antidote exists for a cone snail sting .
two ryanair planes clipped wings while taxiing to a runway at dublin airport . passengers snapped photos of the damaged winglet after the collision . pilot said there had been ` an incident ' with another plane and passengers would have to return to the terminal . one of the planes ' winglets was left dangling after the crash .
anthony corrales of new jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter , 10 , last june near resorts world casino in the queens section of new york city . he then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car 's license plate number , he was mowed down by the car , and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver . muller disputes this and claims the man followed him into the casino parking light .
reverend ambra battilana , 22 , told police she was groped during ` business meeting ' . but once ` pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to pursue case . italian model and her manager were working behind scenes to try and land her a film role , sources told the new york post .
labour leader 's secret cribsheets also reveal how he planned to ` relish the chance to show who i am ' . embarrassingly for the labour leader , the ten pages of notes were left behind in the salford itv studios where mr miliband clashed with david cameron , nick clegg and four other party leaders .
luo kun kun was expelled from his village in linfen , china . locals signed a petition to banish him to ` protect villagers ' health . the five-year-old has now been admitted a place at the red ribbon school . the school is equipped to look after and educate hiv-positive children .
amelia rose jones was allegedly murdered by her grandfather . mark jones is accused of killing the 41-day-old at his daughter 's home in pontnewydd , south east wales . the youngster died of a bleed to the brain after being rushed to hospital . miss jones told newport crown court that after she had left her baby in the care of her father for the first time on november 16 to go on an evening out .
roy keane will stand trial over an alleged road-rage incident with a taxi driver . the 43-year-old has denied committing a public order offence . it was claimed he behaved aggressively towards driver fateh kerar . he did not attend a brief hearing at trafford magistrates ' court today .
the woman 's body was found at derby motor boat club in sawley , leicestershire , on sunday night . a 65-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail . police say a post-mortem examination had failed to establish a cause of death .
the melbourne apartment , which is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper australia 108 , is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country . the new owner , whose identity was not disclosed , will have 360 degree views over melbourne 's cbd , their own private grand foyer and glass elevator . more than 1,000 apartments have sold off the plan since february .
sikander rafiq , 34 , and samara jabreen , 32 , lied to birmingham city council . couple pocketed # 66,268 housing benefit , council tax benefit and income support . jabreen pleaded guilty to two counts of failing to notify a change of circumstances and a charge of making a false representation .
uber has poached facebook 's security chief joe sullivan in an attempt to double down on rapidly escalating safety concerns . the $ 40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers . lawsuits have been brought against uber in san francisco and los angeles .
virgin atlantic is developing certain #skyhighselfie spots in the cabin to offer customers the chance to take the perfect selfie onboard . the first selfie spot will go live on birthday girl , the first of its 787 aircraft to be purchased , from this month . the app will act as a sky high discussion forum where customers on the flight can chat and spark debate in the air creating an onboard community .
six infrared cameras mounted around the plane allow pilots to ` look through ' the air-frame , giving them a perfect 360 degree view of their surroundings and enemies . all of the information they need to complete their mission - airspeed , altitude and even warnings systems - are projected straight onto the helmet 's visor .
tracy morgan was seen in public looking greatly improved as he walked with a cane on monday . the comedian suffered a traumatic brain injury as well as a broken leg , a broken nose and broken ribs in the accident . morgan 's attorney recently revealed morgan is still struggling to simply return ` to the way he was ' .
allie davis , 21 , based in minneapolis , made her boyfriend take a written exam on the famous singer in order to stay with her . she posted the results of the not-entirely-serious stunt on twitter , revealing that her boyfriend of two-and-a-half years had passed with a score of 80 per cent .
pankaj saw fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony to his death . mr saw was in australia on a long-stay work visa , and had been working on and off in sydney in recent years . he was a systems support analyst for an it firm and carried out work for optus .
italian model ambra battilana , 22 , has claimed the 63-year-old hollywood producer asked her for a kiss and groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office on friday night . but while weinstein has spoken to police and denied the accusations , a recorded conversation shows he did not deny the incident . dailymail.com has reached out to his representatives for comment . she also convinced him to meet him a restaurant and the nypd were also
reid said he is ` over ' the fear that he may not regain vision in that eye following a new year 's day exercise accident that left him battered and bruised because ' i ca n't see out of my eye , ' he said . the lawmaker 's tale of how he came to sustain broken bones in his face while working out in his nevada home with a plastic exercise band . a march 31 breitbart news story regaled the layout of reid 's searchlight home
ruba khandaqji , 36 , called the osceola county sheriff 's office on monday telling the dispatcher to ` shut up and listen ' as she explained that she was going to hire a hitman to kill governor rick scott . the pharmacist told deputies she did not have to abide by u.s. laws because she was being held against her will by the government .
british study has discovered a catastrophic condition called ` marine photic zone euxinia ' took place in one of the prehistoric oceans . this happens when the sun-lit surface waters of the ocean become devoid of oxygen and are poisoned by hydrogen sulphide . study authors fear the planet today could suffer similar consequences .
alexander bradley told bristol county superior court justice susan garsh he would be able to testify that hernandez had access to the type of pistol he is accused of using to murder semipro football player odin lloyd . the 25-year-old is charged with killing lloyd , who was dating his fiancee 's sister . lloyd was found shot dead in june 2013 in an industrial park .
professor ninian peckitt , 63 , claimed he had ` digitally manipulated ' the patient 's face as part of hospital treatment . but witnesses said that in reality he had actually been hitting him . the world-renowned surgeon faces being struck off the medical register after being accused of failing three of his patients .
researchers at joint base lewis-mcchord in tacoma , washington , concluded that military suicides may be more likely after members leave the service than during active duty deployment . the four-year study , the largest of its kind , was published wednesday in the journal of american medicine association psychiatry .
the six-month-old had fallen from a building in zetland , inner-east of sydney , last month and sustained serious injuries . it was taken in by a local vet clinic , who shared the story of aptly-named ` seven ' on social media . since then , the cat has won the hearts of many who have donated funds to help pay for the hefty medical bills and surgeries .
the priest allegedly favoured sexual role-play scenarios in which his lover played the disciple judas escariot , and had to atone for his betrayal of jesus by becoming his slave . the diocese confirmed that the priest had been dismissed but claimed there were no other prelates involved .
the bodies of four people , including two boys under the age of ten , were discovered in a home in tulsa , oklahoma . police believe the father killed his wife and children before using the gun on himself and are not seeking a suspect . the bodies may have been in the house for ` as many as two days ' , based on when the four were last seen and a preliminary examination of phone records .
wayne kyle said he and wife deby were ` surviving ' now that they had time to process their son 's death . kyle and friend chad littlefield were shot dead at a texas gun range in 2013 by eddie routh , after taking the troubled vet to the range to help him cope with his ptsd . in february , routh was found guilty of the murders and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole .
katherine hadsell says she 's eager for police in norfolk to give ` more insight into what they 're actually doing ' to find 18-year-old anjelica hadsell . the longwood university student was home for spring break when she vanished . police just this past week focused their search on a pond near carrsville after getting a new tip that her cell phone may be below its surface .
mohamed hamdin , 24 , appeared at downing centre court for his indecent assault hearing on tuesday . police say hamdin touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during the concert of u.s. rappers yg and ty dolla $ ign at enmore theatre , in sydney 's inner-west . the incident escalated when hamdin unzipped her jeans and started to take them off .
kong meng xiong , 21 , of st. paul , minnesota has been charged with kidnapping , third-degree criminal sexual conduct and false imprisonment . the girl 's family reported the kidnapping on sunday and that they opposed to their daughter marrying xi , whom she was dating , because of their age differences .
the inn is being built in the prince 's model village in dorset . the estate , which is on his duchy of cornwall land near dorchester , already has a prince george house . poundbury is prince charles ' personal 20-year social experiment which aims to design and build a perfect , utopian idyll .
the little owl was spotted tactfully creeping along a tree branch in beaconsfield , buckinghamshire . dean mason , 49 , hid away in a camouflaged shelter , known as a hide . the bird was introduced to the uk in the 19th century and is most common in central , southern and south eastern england .
australian marsupial once occupied more than 70 per cent of the australian mainland while now it 's disappeared from around 80 per cent . save the bilby fund ceo kevin bradley said the critters were of ` high significance to traditional land owners ' with record of bilbies dating back '15 million years ' . the lesser bilby is already believed to be classed as ` endangered ' in queensland and ` vulnerable ' nationally .
churchill , then 84 , was president eisenhower 's guest of honour . party held on the 20th anniversary of nazi germany 's invasion of poland . also seen are viscount charles portal , 1st baron arthur tedder and lieutenant general brian horrocks .
gary dahl , the creator of the wildly popular 1970s fad the pet rock , has died at age 78 in southern oregon . his rocks , which formed a brief but remarkably successful craze for several months in 1975 , came packed in a cardboard box containing a tongue-in-cheek instruction pamphlet for ` care and feeding ' . mr dahl later estimated he had sold 1.5 million of them at roughly $ 4 each by the time the fad fizzled only a
michael olsen , 52 , was challenged by pcs mark bird and robert wilson . he initially ignored officers who were pursuing him by car but when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to pc wilson 's head . they were able to restrain and arrest him , where they found a bag of bullets in his pocket .
sean mccabe was diagnosed with cancer in june 2013 . he was given the all-clear in september but two months later told he had stage four hodgkin lymphoma . the father-of-three has now changed his reservation for his wedding to his fiancee lisa williams .
former redgum frontman john schumann has slammed protesters for using his song , i was only 19 at a reclaim australia rally . the songwriter said the song was about compassion , tolerance and inclusiveness . but it has emerged the hit was played at one of the rallies , which aimed to oppose ` sharia law , halal tax and islamisation ' .
lillian roldan came forward to author john glatt to say she dated cleveland kidnapper ariel castro from 2000 to 2003 . castro kidnapped and imprisoned michelle knight and amanda berry in his ohio home . she says she visited his house often and never knew about the young women he was keeping prisoner . when she asked about the need to lock the door , castro allegedly told her he kept his money stored down there and ` did n't want his kids to steal
kim howe 's two adult stepchildren have hired lawyers to look into the possibility of a wrongful death suit against bruce jenner . mrs howe was driving a white lexus , which was rear-ended on a segment of the pacific coast highway in malibu , california , on february 7 . the two step-children are said to have ` lawyered up ' because they are the only people who could launch a wrongful suit .
rilwan oshodi bought karen budow 's bank account details for just # 3,200 . spent her savings on cheeseburgers , bottles of champagne and top-of-the-range computers . now claims he is so broke he will have to spend four more years in prison .
model , 27 , unveils lingerie range for autograph at m&s . follows strict clean and lean diet and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints . rosie , who follows a strict clean diet , showcases her super toned body in new imagery .
sam smith has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free , low-carb and low sugar diet . the london-born artist is looking better than ever after losing three stone over the last year . his new fashionista status has been crowned with sam being named vogue 's april ` today i 'm wearing ' star .
aleksandr glushko , 21 , of delta junction , alaska , drove for more than three miles while intoxicated to retrieve the truck he 'd just crashed . but his bright idea turned sour when an alaskan railroad worker spotted him at the wheel of the forklift driving by the crash site . he was arrested by police who were at the scene when he looped back .
gertrude weaver , the world 's oldest person , died at 116 on monday in camden , arkansas . the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center confirmed her death and said they were ` devastated by her loss ' . weaver inherited the title last wednesday after the death of 117-year-old misao okawa in japan .
grant lacasse , 19 , was apprehended by real state police in new hampshire after allegedly walking up to an ice cream stand in full uniform with a handgun on his belt . the young man , who posted numerous photos of himself dressed up as an officer on social media , was arrested and charged with felony impersonation of police . it is not known whether lacasse has ever applied to join the police force .
apryl foster was last seen on february 12 leaving a bar alone in ybor city , where she was a waitress . after a widespread search , the 33-year-old was found by divers in her submerged car in brandon , just a few blocks from her house . the medical examiner measured foster 's blood alcohol level at 0.18 , which is over twice the legal limit for driving , as well as thc , the active ingredient in marijuana , my fox tampa bay
the top five is completed by hawaii and the district of columbia , where middle class citizens are paid an average higher than $ 67,500 . alaska is second with $ 72,237 , followed by new jersey with $ 70,165 . mississippi 's middle class is the lowest paid in the country .
iain mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with his thai girlfriend . incidents happened in hua hin , 120 miles south-west of bangkok . mr mackal was in a rage when he cut himself with a piece of glass . onlookers called paramedics after he was found bleeding profusely .
morrisons has been named the best place to get breakfast in the uk . the supermarket beat restaurants , pubs and hotels to win the title . it was picked out by judges of the menu innovation and development awards -lrb- midas -rrb- for its value for money , food quality and customer satisfaction .
survey found nearly half of young workers think it is acceptable to get drunk . one in five young professionals now considers themselves to have a dirnking problem . comes after a shocking report published this week found binge drinking costs the british economy # 4.9 bn every year in terms of treating drunks in a&e , road crashes , police arrests and court cases .
le femme , in new jersey , offers participants guidance in how to move , dress and even speak like a lady . the school was created by ellen weirich , who dedicates her life to helping ` trans ' women feel confident and comfortable in their skin . the finishing school aims to help both cross-dressers and those transitioning to adopt the airs and graces of a woman .
russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders . a product description states that the 5.5 in bird was crafted from mink fur and his joints are ` movable ' . photographs show him relaxing in bed and teetering on a twig .
obama has granted clemency to 22 drug offenders who were sentenced under outdated guidelines . eight of those whose sentences were commuted - an act the white house said continues obama 's push to make the justice system fairer . the effort is aimed at reducing harsh sentences for those who faced outdated guidelines at their time of sentencing .
victor sena blood-dzraku will be served with the divorce summons via a private facebook message . it will be repeated once a week for three consecutive weeks or until ` acknowledged ' by ellanora baidoo 's hard-to-find husband . the couple married in 2009 in a civil ceremony .
a 30-year-old darwin man is accused of using someone else 's employee registration number to pose as a fake nurse at the aurukun primary health centre on cape york . he was charged on saturday with one count of fraud after cairns detectives made contact with him in the northern territory . the man was receiving a $ 100,000 annual salary and accommodation from queensland health in the six weeks he was at the hospital .
nicholas james langan , 24 , was arrested about 1.00 am on january 27 at a beach in canggu , north of kuta , for smoking a marijuana joint . police seized the 0.1 gram joint and a small bag of marijuana weighing 0.86 grams . also arrested was hanung pekik hermantoro , 25 , a driver for the green room villas where the queensland painter was staying .
lance lara , 10 , from fort worth in texas , has proved so successful that he was crowned world champion in his age group last year . but each time he gets on a bullock , a castrated male , he risks life and limb , and has already been trampled on several times .
jane bacon , 51 , from east grinstead , west sussex , booked ` final trip ' to sharm el sheikh with her husband peter , 52 , after being told she could die within months from breast cancer . however she bought the # 1,000-trip before doctors told her she needed an 18-week course of chemotherapy . she has now hit out at easyjet after she received an email asking her to pay # 176 to switch her flights .
the kansai international airport in osaka , japan has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994 . if returning luggage to travellers is n't enough , the airport also does so in an incredibly efficient way . no wonder a recent ranking of the top 10 airports for baggage handling saw the japanese airport taking top honours .
ed miliband has confessed he cried when he and his wife watched a dvd of the 2014 movie starring bill nighy and imelda staunton . mr miliband was asked about jeremy paxman 's description of him as a ` north london geek ' during his television grilling last week .
google 's patent says that the robot personality could replicate the robot 's owner , ' a deceased loved one , ' or ' a celebrity ' . above it atlas , according to google-owned boston dynamics , is a ` high mobility , humanoid robot designed to negotiate outdoor , rough terrain ' . friends will even be able to clone their robots and swap aspects of its personality .
the new jersey native bought the soho pad in 2007 for $ 24million , so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit . the duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms , five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens . another major selling point was the large outdoor space .
sarah silverman , 44 , is known for her wicked sense of humor . gets serious for levo league 's ask4more campaign . calls for women to request salaries that they deserve in honor of equal pay day on april 14 . on average , women only earn 78 cents for every dollar made by men .
the nine-and-a-half minute broadcast is hosted by a man with an american accent , who takes the listener through the main events of the day . it also boasts of isis fighters ` roasting the flesh ' of their opponents , car bombs killing people and destroying an ` idol ' .
more than 600 homes and 17,000 acres of farmland inundated with quickly rising waters and entire villages were cut off in the wettest january since records began in 1766 . environment agency says it has a legal duty under eu-backed regulations to protect the water voles as an endangered species .
nelson williams sr. of kankakee , illinois , says he is worried that 23-year-old kamron taylor , the man convicted of his son nelson jr 's murder , might attack him . in a courthouse outburst in february , taylor threatened the family minutes after hearing the guilty verdict . taylor fled from the jerome combs detention center at about 3am wednesday , then beat and choked the guard who was making rounds .
karen davis , from port pirie in south australia , notoriously flashed her k-cup breasts on google street view and was reported by police with disorderly behaviour . she handed herself into police voluntarily . the 38-year-old was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular google maps app .
rosetta swooped to within about 8.6 miles -lrb- 14 km -rrb- of the comet 's surface . its camera was able to capture a four image montage showing the two lobes of the icy comet in incredible detail . the view also gives a detailed look at the numerous , curved markings visible on the smooth surface .
lord prescott suggested signatories were ` tax dodgers , tory donors and non doms ' . business spokesman chuka umunna said it would be ` untenable ' for mr walsh to ` claim to be independent in the light of this ' . 103 corporate leaders declared that the government ` has been good for business ' .
the festival , which marks the trial , crucifixion and resurrection of jesus culminating in easter sunday , has been met with mesmerising religious parades across five continents . in northern philippines , bare-footed men with bloodied backs lie on roads being beaten with sticks and whips in a divisive tradition thought to stem from 13th century roman catholics .
albert webb and sons jimmy chuter , 26 , and jesse webb , 19 , followed people aged up to 97 home from the post office after they had collected their pensions . if the victim had no money , they would be driven to a nearby cash point to withdraw it , or the trio would con their way into their homes before stealing from them . most of the victims were women aged in their 70s or 80s , while the eldest was a 97-year-old
benjamin astbury was born 12 weeks early weighing 1lb 3oz . he suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem . he was put into a paralysed state for six days while doctors tried to save his life . his mother mrs astbury said his survival shows ` miracles do happen ' .
the five kilogram sculpture is made from 75 per cent tanzania origin chocolate . has two solitaire diamonds for eyes -lrb- which account for over $ 48,000 of the price tag -rrb- . australian families will consumer 124.3 million easter treats this year .
tyecka shanta evans , 28 , has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old daughter , taliya richardson . evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor . but evans later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children , ages 9 and three months , and her nephew home alone at 1am to go to a
pola , anneka svenska and victoria eisermann have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the uk and spayed over 2,500 dogs . charities estimate there are between 500,000 and one million free-roaming dogs on romania 's streets .
the group of six completed the drive in three days crossing two canadian provinces including quebec and ontario . for three of the sons , it was the first time they had tasted kfc . brian lufty , 52 , one of the fathers who packed the four sons into a van , made the 34-hour mission for his third time to visit the harland sanders cafe and museum in corbin .
ashy bines was the subject of appalling abuse after posting a video admitting recipes in her clean eating e-package had been plagiarised . personal trainer allie dodds alleges her sushi and cauliflower recipe and others were placed in ms bines ' book without permission . she runs the instagram account the.sweet.sweat .
calfornia gov. jerry brown ordered a 25 percent overall cutback in water use by cities and towns in the golden state on wednesday . the crackdown comes as california and its nearly 40 million residents move toward a fourth summer of drought with no relief in sight . wells in some parts of the state are going dry as groundwater levels fall .
reality star joey essex met ukip leader nigel farage in grimsby this morning . he said the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a ` really , really reem guy ' . mr farage said : ' i do n't really understand much about political life and i 'm trying to show the youth it 's good to vote ' .
researchers in massachusetts say a person 's keystrokes may reveal a huge amount of information about their motor skills . for the body to begin moving , the brain 's primary motor cortex sends signals through several other brain regions , including cerebellum , and basal ganglia . these brain areas activate spinal neurons that stimulate muscles to execute the movement . but many factors can interfere with motor ability , including sleep deprivation , which reduces dexterity .
ford , 45 , was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year . he has undergone five rounds of chemotherapy and nearly a month of radiation , which has shrunk his tumor significantly . he hopes to return to work in september .
pippa middleton and kim sears stepped out armed with their trusty aspinal of london handbags . the british brand has called on international style icon olivia palermo to design a limited edition handbag . adcam works to develop cooperation projects and social responsibility initiative .
cassandra fortin , 17 , has been at children 's medical center in hartford since december receiving chemo to which she was originally opposed . the state agency last fall won temporary custody of cassandra after she and her mother argued she did not want chemo treatments despite the risk of dying without them . her lawyer appealed at a closed-door court hearing seeking permission to allow her to go home to complete treatments or at least to permit her mother to visit her in the hospital .
pictures show the city of golmud as it succumbs to a sweeping half-hour sandstorm which reduced the visibility to 30 metres . china 's national meteorological centre -lrb- nmc -rrb- has now issued a blue alert for the latest sandstorms to hit the northern regions .
sherrell dillion from benefits street has been given a place in the top model of colour competition . the single mother-of-two , who was featured in the hit channel 4 series , says she feels happiness for her co-star . she is currently living in temporary accommodation in handsworth .
more than 20,000 foreign fighters from more than half the world have joined militant groups such as al qaeda and islamic state . worryingly , the report warned if is was defeated in the war-torn region then the barbarous foreign fighters could be scattered across the world . the number of foreign fighters worldwide soared by a staggering 71 per cent between the middle of 2014 and march 2015 .
marc wabafiyebazu , 15 , has been arrested for felony murder and his brother jean , 17 , was shot dead after an incident in which the two reportedly tried to rob a group of miami drug dealers . their mother is roxanne dubé , who was only recently appointed to the role of consul general in miami . the boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $ 5,000 , and driven to the house under the
ava ciach , from geelong in victoria , suffered from sagittal synostosis . the five-year-old 's skull post surgery after it was ` smashed ' and put back together like a jigsaw puzzle . ava , now six , had to undergo complex surgery in which she had her skull removed and smashed into pieces . she had to have a raft of medical examinations to place the condition .
the girl in the spider 's web , published worldwide on august 27 , will be the fourth installment in the best-selling millennium crime trilogy by swedish author stieg larsson . the book was completed in november by david lagercrantz based on a plot outline left by larsson before he died of a heart attack in 2004 aged 50 .
archivists at nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s to highlight how the traditional chocolate treats have changed . the images are bound to jog a few childhood memories of the vast array of easter eggs that the famed sweet makers have produced in the past .
ethel rider , 87 , suffered a broken pelvis and was left ` cowering ' in pain . her carers failed to seek medical help and simply lifted her back into bed . because she is mute , mrs rider was unable to tell anyone what had happened . 24 hours later a nurse realised she was in agonising pain and called an ambulance . both were beginning six-month prison sentences after a judge branded them ` idle ' .
the letter was posted by airline pilot jai dillon , who was shown the a4 by a colleague in the industry . in it , a passenger known only as ` bethanie ' writes how , in light of the recent alps plane crash , she feels the need to ` reach out ' and ` extend a compassionate hand ' .
richard stevenson , 32 , had mascot ollie the owl snatched from a nottingham pub . he thought the # 7.99 ornament had been lost forever until he received a letter in the post on march 6 demanding a donation to charity . those responsible for the theft even created a facebook page to keep fans updated about his adventures .
the perfect pillow is the key to a good night 's sleep . on average , we rest our weary heads on our pillows for more than 2,500 hours . while once our choice was limited to feather or fibre , the shops are now stuffed with everything from water pillows to scented pillows .
the tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at rhossili in south wales . visitors to the tip of the gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles . national trust manager paul boland defended spending the hefty sum to buy the car park from private landowners .
father damian maria montes , 29 , was appearing on the spanish version of the voice when he belted out the robbie williams 1997 ballad . as he launched himself into the chorus , the audience whooped with delight as the judges sat wide-eyed in amazement .
the mineral veins were found at a site called ` garden city ' on the slopes of mount sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm -lrb- 2.5 inches -rrb- . scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in mars ' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock .
mark dawe , head of the oxford , cambridge and rsa examinations board -lrb- ocr -rrb- accused of ` dumbing down standards ' . said schoolchildren would only have a short time to use the search engine . compared it to using a calculator in a maths exam .
study of wildlife sites across four english counties has found that most are home to fewer species of bee today than they were in the past . it found that the expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population , according to the researcher . reading university researcher dr deepa senapathi believes intensive agriculture is to blame . climate change could be disrupting the relationship between bees and plants .
the mother-of-six wore cheek prosthetics to achieve the unnaturally sharp cheekbones . promise has previously made videos of herself as elsa from frozen and princess jasmine from aladdin . in the four minute film promise takes her followers through the steps to transform herself into maleficent .
alison hargreaves , 32 , was swept to her death in 260mph winds in 1995 . her son tom ballard , 26 , plans to conquer k2 , 20 years after his mother died . mr ballard became the first to solo climb all six of the great north faces of the alps in the winter season .
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance . on his blog , almost black , he said that none of his family approves of his book , in which he 'll controversially claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s .
ireatoa ` lota ' ward was diagnosed with a rare form of brain tumor in october 2014 . the eight-year-old underwent his fourth brain surgery on wednesday , april 1 , and the ward family remains optimistic the fight is not over yet . lota was first diagnosed with spinal muscular atrophy last october .
four roma men and women appeared in marseille court today . accused of paying a roma gang # 6,500 and a bmw for newborn boy tony . six others are facing related charges in what prosecution documents described as ' a two thousands piece puzzle built around four births ' .
justus howell , 17 , was shot twice in the back by police in zion , illinois , on saturday afternoon . the high school senior , who had moved to the area from wisconsin in february , was pronounced dead at the scene . his mother said justus wanted to be a surgeon .
prince harry will arrive in australia next monday ahead of his four-week stint with the australian defence force . the royal 's down under tour , his final before hanging up his fatigues and retiring from the armed services , will see him , where he 'll serve alongside some of the country 's elite soldiers in darwin , perth and sydney . the prince will also time with indigenous norforce soldiers in the northern territory , and the army '
robin rinaldi demanded an open marriage from her husband , scott , after he had a vasectomy . the san francisco-based journalist believed she had accidentally succeeded in conceiving a longed - for child . she 's now written a graphic , tell-all memoir about that year .
the emails that resulted in the firings of two police officers and a court clerk in the city of ferguson , missouri were released on thursday . in the other emails president obama is labelled a monkey , welfare recipients are described as ` lazy ' and unable to speak english before being compared to dogs and black individuals . all three were removed from their jobs after the emails were discovered .
kim , who will marry her long-term partner later this month , showcased a golden glow watching andy murray play against south africa 's kevin anderson . kim was a vision of health as applied suncream whilst enjoying the match in key biscayne , florida . the 27-year-old artist donned a chic off-the-shoulder black dress and toted a statement red handbag .
scientists at texas tech university found that more than 50 per cent of pensioners with investments during the 2007 and 2008 global financial crisis panicked . the same pot would be worth # 141,000 today provided they had not spent any of the cash . comes just days before retirees in britain are given the power to decide how to spend their life savings for the first time ever .
experts said last night that a badly hung parliament would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent . sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election . the sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets .
alan spencer , 67 , was tucking into his dinner when the pickled onion blocked his windpipe . he frantically tried to clear his throat , and after three minutes made his way to the door in a bid to get help from a passer-by . but he collapsed in his hallway and felt his life ` slipping away ' as he began to black out .
man , from brent , northwest london , works in the military 's post office . he could have had access to the names and address of all military personnel . it is not clear where or at what level at the mod he worked , it has been revealed . last month it was revealed the students were intercepted in turkey .
typhoon maysak was initially a top-rated category 5 typhoon . the storm generated winds of more than 140mph -lrb- 225km/h -rrb- . it is expected to weaken once it hits the central or northern parts of the main philippine island of luzon on saturday or sunday .
charlotte roach , 26 , from london , nearly died in a horror crash . she gave up ordinary clothes for lent to raise money for air ambulance service . charlotte , co-founder of fitness company rabble , owes the charity her life after a crash in november 2010 .
lishan wang , 49 , was charged with murder in the shooting of yale university doctor vajinder toor outside his home in april 2010 . police say the shooting stemmed from a dispute the men had two years earlier while working together at a new york city hospital . wang is due back in court on may 21 .
kristen bieniewicz of westland has filed a $ 51 million lawsuit against bassel saad who is in prison for throwing a punch that killed her husband . saad , 37 , was recently sentenced to at least eight years in prison after pleading guilty to involuntary manslaughter . the associated press left messages seeking comment from a telephone listing for the soccer league .
new york-based writer danielle page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice . a 60-year-old named michael revealed that his trick to marital bliss is putting his wife 's happiness above his own . but insists that what really makes a relationship work is finding a partner who will do the same for you .
firechat app paved the way for chatting to friends without the need for the web or even a mobile signal . called greenstone , the egg-shaped gadget acts like a beacon , or a booster , to help messages move around so-called wireless mesh networks more easily . it takes advantage of a feature that launched in apple 's ios 7 called multipeer connectivity framework -lrb- mcf -rrb- . it creates what 's called a wireless mesh network that connects phones to
two children , 13 and nine years old , stood wailing and begging bystanders as five local strongmen beat their father to death over a traffic quarrel . road rage claimed another life . no one in the crowd came forward . by the time the police reached the spot , their father was lying in a pool of blood and was declared dead on arrival at the lok nayak hospital .
italian photographer giovanna griffo , 42 , led a group of her students to vik and hella in the south of iceland . they were fortunate enough to be blown away by what is said to have been the strongest geomagnetic storm in the current solar cycle . in march , the northern lights were even more remarkable than usual and griff was in iceland to capture them in all their glory .
prince harry is one of australia 's most highly decorated soldiers , one of the very few to have been awarded the nation 's highest military honour , the victoria cross . corporal donaldson vc revealed in 2013 how four years earlier he had been a member of an elite special air services unit ordered to assassinate a taliban warlord . harry was awarded the vc for his actions in september 2008 , despite being advised not to go and help , don
the group of women say they are nothing like the honey-pots on these shows who use their sexuality to ensnare terrorists and drown ptsd with booze and pills . retired cia officer sandra grimes , 69 , who helped expose her colleague aldrich ames as a russian double agent , says she sees nothing of herself in the characters at the center of shows like state of affairs and homeland . ' i wish they would n't use centerfold models in tight clothes . we do
peter tarsey and his wife jean , both 77 , were found covered in a green raincoat on their sofa in xalo , near benidorm , spain . the couple were locked in each other 's arms under a raincoat . friend ann said she had gone to the house with another friend because she was concerned at not being able to reach the couple on the phone .
the 355-foot scientific platform is genuine and has been used by the us office for naval research for more than 50 years . the rv flip does not have its own engine and has to be towed to the location of scientific study , where it turns 90 degrees . the reason behind the flip is that with 300 feet below the surface , the vessel becomes incredibly stable .
scientists in boston have worked with global emergency response teams to create its one-touch-911 app . users can call the police , fire service , report a car crash or seek medical help at the press of a single button - and it works even if you do n't have signal . the app was designed by researchers at boston-based mit . each of the four buttons on the app trigger a standard call to nearby dispatchers , and each call is placed with the phone 's
seth casteel has found a remarkable new way to capture images of toddlers at their most playful and pure as they dive down into the deep . the pictures for his new book , underwater babies , reveal adorable babies as they explore the underwater world . casteel created the book by heading along to water safety classes for babies at swimming pools in ten different states .
darcy atkinson was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system when he died on december 7 , 2012 . the toddler had been in the care of his mother 's boyfriend adam taylor when he was rushed to gosford hospital by paramedics . at the second day of a coronial inquest into the toddler 's death , intensive care unit clinical consultant dr barry wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the darcy suffered came from
the property in the richmond area of san francisco is said to have been crawling with rats , black widow spiders , dog feces and 300 bottles of urine . anna ragin , 65 , was taken to hospital after her mother 's body was removed from the house . authorities said the home was covered in debris , including dog feces .
residents in san bernardino county in california were forced to flee their homes after a planned control burn in an area of brush land . the fire was started as a controlled burn but soon went out of control engulfing an estimated 70 acres . one shed and one car was destroyed in the blaze which needed 200 firefighters , four aircraft and a pair of bulldozers to counter the flames .
caleb benn , a californian high school student , has developed a $ 4.99 -lrb- # 3.24 -rrb- app for ios devices using instagram 's application program interface . it allows users to upload photos to instagram directly from their computer rather than using only their smartphone . now , the 17 year-old student could face a battle with instagram over hackings its api .
mike holpin has three 48in widescreen televisions dotted around his monmouthshire council house . his 40 children by 20 women have cost the taxpayer more than # 4million in benefits and care costs . at 56 says he wants more children even though he admits he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street .
italian glamour : the essence of italian fashion , from the postwar years to the present day , captures the evolution of mediterranean style through 300 iconic dresses . co-author enrico says that italian glamour is not ` sophisticated or artificial ' . the two men established the first flea market in rome and were the first to introduce the concept of vintage in italy .
michael brelo goes on trial on monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell , 43 , and malissa williams , 30 . he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting . brelo was questioned by investigators two weeks after the shooting , saying he did n't recall what happened .
ukip leader says he has ` slipped back a bit ' in the polls as sense of euphoria . but ukip has seen its support slump from 16.75 % in november to 12.25 % . mr farage is facing a fight to win his own election battle after falling behind tories .
victoria police arrested 35-year-old abijath desikan following the 7.5 hour siege at riverside quay . mr desikan was charged with one count of armed robbery , false imprisonment and assault with a weapon . the man , of no fixed address , was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates ' court tomorrow morning .
the facebook page of the so-called disciples of the new dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share . the group 's anti-cesarean memes , expressing their disgust at the outrageous messages they express ; the community is using the images to encourage fellow christians to shame ` lazy ' and ` negligent ' mothers .
russia 's prime minister alexis tsipras met russian president in moscow . pair agreed a package of investment in energy and other projects . but mr putin insisted he had not asked for -- or received -- financial aid . greece 's government has been handed a list of reforms it must carry out in return for a new injection of cash from eurozone countries .
jamie and dawn were appearing on an episode entitled : ` my fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat ? ' . in front of mr kyle and a tittering studio audience , a furious dawn then storms out , screeching : ` i 'm out of here ! ' .
sinn fein president gerry adams has described the abduction and murder of jean mcconville as ` what happens in wars ' . she was 37 when she was taken by a masked gang from her home in belfast . her remains were eventually discovered by a dog walker buried in a dune on shelling hill beach in county louth in 2003 .
the ring , located 12 billion light years away , is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two distant galaxies . the bright orange central region of the ring - alma 's highest resolution observation ever - reveals the glowing dust in this distant galaxy .81 and an intervening galaxy line up so perfectly that the light from the more distant one forms a nearly complete circle as seen from earth .
the unnamed worker from alberta , canada , came armed with a scathing note from his gp giving the firm - a ticking off for its office policy ` wasting his time ' . the gp writes that the patient , ` has had , by their own report , a cold today and sensibly stayed home from work ' .
billy-anne huxham , 18 , was forced into a car outside a caboolture home , north of brisbane just after 6am . shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before she was abducted by a man who reportedly attacked her with a machete . police believe she was taken in a silver 2014 mitsubishi outlander with the queensland registration 789vni .
nicola sturgeon said she is prepared to work with labour to put mr miliband in number 10 . the snp is projected to win more than 40 seats in scotland at the election . she has suggested a full-blown coalition , with snp ministers in the cabinet , is unlikely to be the outcome .
pet aquarium fish are being dumped in rivers where they damage unique local ecosystems by growing up to twenty times their regular size . goldfish are being caught weighing up to 2kg and koi carp up to 8kg and one metre in length . the native fish in the region , such as this balston 's pygmy perch which has been attacked , are only up 10cm .
scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago . much of it , they believe , still involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way . in a new study , one linguist argues that human language likely developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own .
the photographs they took at the yarra valley farm give a chilling insight into the bleak world of caged chicken factories . some of the hens found at wagner 's poultry farm were ravaged and dying . some looked as if they had only a few days left to live such was their condition .
kevin blandford 's photo album has gone viral with more than two million views . the 33-year-old , from louisville , kentucky , won the caribbean getaway through his workplace . his wife , bonnie , was n't able to join him because she stayed home to care for their six-month-old daughter .
a university of nebraska researcher has revealed why stress is bad for you in a video -lrb- still image shown -rrb- . limited periods of stress are good , as they release the hormone cortisol . this is useful in helping you recover from very tense situations . but too much will lower your immune system and make your bones fragile . the science of stress was explained in video by dr raychelle burks .
london mayor said labour leader was ` hostile ' to people who wanted to own their own home and would embark on an ` orgy of regulation and state socialism ' . he also claimed ukip wanted to turn the clock back to the 1950s while the greens want a return to ` somewhere around the bronze age ' .
seven out of 10 business chiefs at britain 's biggest companies think ed miliband would be a ` catastrophe ' for the uk . it comes just days after more than 100 company bosses signed a letter warning against a labour government . it echoes controversial remarks by boots chief executive stefano pessina .
katniss everdeen 's hunger games book deals with exciting scenarios . many of the tweets look at similar dystopian situations to those in the novels . twitter users describe their own realistic reactions , or what would really be probable . some funny tweets simply address that at a time when many teenagers are going through the awkward stages of puberty .
david cameron vowed to ` do more ' to respond to concerns about immigration . he warned that it is ` not the time to send a message or make a protest ' . mr cameron once dismissed ukip as ` fruitcakes , loonies and closet racists ' . latest polls have put the conservatives and labour virtually neck and neck .
robert dellinger , 54 , was sentenced on thursday to two four-and-a-half to ten year sentences that are to be served consecutively in the december 2013 deaths of amanda murphy , 24 , who was 8 months pregnant . prosecution claimed he deliberately drove his vehicle head-on into the couple 's car because he was depressed and wanted to kill himself . during the second day of the sentence hearing , he was given credit for the 15 months he has spent in
kyle kandrick was suspended from the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown , maryland after ella may rudd posted the voicemail left for her husband on facebook . rudd wrote that she had been dealing with the company for ` the last two months ' while trying to repair a leak on her hummer h2 .
angela postle , from maroochydore in southeast queensland , stumbled upon the bizarre spectacle last month after slicing some oranges she bought from a local supermarket . the mother-of-five sent the fruit of to queensland environmental health branch for testing , but their first round of scientific tests were to no avail . the phenomenon unfolded a second time with oranges from a different supermarket , suggesting the problem is coming from within her own house .
kira hollis was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder three years ago . at just 6st , she was deemed clinically underweight . doctors ordered her to go to the gym in a bid to gain some weight . she turned her life around and is now a personal trainer . she says bodybuilding changed her life and gave her confidence to overcome depression .
musical instruments , stage costumes and commemorative plaques will go under the hammer in an auction at the hard rock cafe in new york . jones , best known for his work with the band the monkees , died of a heart attack in 2012 at the age of 66 . memorabilia on sale includes a pair of record awards certified by the recording industry association of america .
steve tempest-mitchell lost a whopping 16st after the surgery 14 months ago . the 56-year-old said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control his type 2 diabetes . the former bomb disposal expert says he would eat smaller portions at regular intervals and was drinking around eight cans of cola a day .
disney has just opened their first-ever overwater villas & bungalows as part of their luxury polynesian resort . the impressive overwater suites are a first of their kind for disney , boasting two bedrooms , two bathrooms and a private plunge pool . each bungalow reportedly sleeps up to eight people and offers a view of both the magic kingdom resort and the lagoon .
prime minister visited marston 's brewery in wolverhampton yesterday . he insisted the coalition had spent five years ` trying to lift people up ' . another tory claimed christians in britain were being dismissed with a combination of condescension and suspicion . bishops insisted it was not targeted at any particular party .
ashley johnston , 28 , was shot in february in rojava , near the turkish border , while fighting with the kurdish people 's protection units -lrb- ypg -rrb- . his mother amanda johnston had no idea her son was at war in the middle east until she learnt of his death . the queenslander , who lived in the act , is believed to be the first westerner to die in battle against is .
luke shambrook , 11 , has been missing for two nights in a victorian national park , with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree celsius . he was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park at 9.30 am on good friday . search crews have rushed to the location and police remain comfortable that the young boy is still alive . luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused , and he may not even be aware he
at least 55 carcasses were found in the coonarr area , near bundaberg , on tuesday , with the rspca . early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow . police said it was unclear how long the dogs ' bodies had been there .
man shot himself at universal studios in hollywood , california , on friday . police revealed it was not the first time the gunman had sparked security concerns at the park . but despite court orders banning him from the park , he was spotted at 2.15 pm near the water slides , where he shot himself .
elizabeth stewart , a former fashion editor for women 's wear daily and the new york times credited with styling australian actress cate blanchett . rebel wilson also recently enlisted stewart 's style advice in a bid to bring a sense of ` classiness ' to her image in tinseltown .
the four-bedroom home near auckland attracted plenty of interest after its sellers put it on the market at such a low price . new owners donald and jenny gibbs said the deal was too good to pass up . the house was listed by its former owners with just a $ 1 reserve .
the four-day easter long weekend will be extended by an hour . clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday - including australian states such as nsw . changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries , fire services around australia say .
stephanie fragoso was cited on wednesday , april fools ' day , after she was stopped in las vegas by a nevada highway patrol -lrb- nhp -rrb- trooper . the state released distracted driving statistics as part of its campaign to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 . distracted driving fines range from $ 50 for the first offense up to $ 250 and a six-month license suspension .
the big cat was seen at kruger national park in south africa attempting to tackle the hefty mammal . accompanied by a hunting partner , the lion leaps on to the hippo in a ferocious display of power and tries to take a bite out . but ends up being chased away by the infant 's angry mother .
kentucky state police trooper robert purdy said the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water . around 11:30 a.m. , the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them . authorities in louisville , kentucky , made more than 100 water rescues early friday as a severe storm 's persistent downpour flooded roads .
survey of 2,000 women in their 30s , 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood . one in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin .
stock market returns have averaged 16 % a year under david cameron 's conservatives . shares have performed nearly twice as well under labour over the last 45 years . figures are a further boost for cameron and george osborne ahead of the general election on may 7 . ftse 100 bosses this weekend showed 70 % believe a labour government under mr miliband would be a ` catastrophe ' for the economy .
bentley design chief luc donckerwolke apparently thought the new lincoln continental luxury saloon shared too many similarities with the bentley flying spur . the designer posted a comment on lincoln designer david woodhouses ' facebook page that was subsequently deleted . cesareo dismissed the designer 's criticism .
hugo mbaeri , 25 , is on trial for fraud by abuse of position and conspiracy to commit fraud at the old bailey . the alleged ringleader of the scheme , olawabiyi ayanwale , set up standing orders by impersonating the victims . he is in the dock alongside seven others who are accused of using their accounts to siphon the funds away .
karl lagerfeld has bewitched the creative director of fashion house chanel . she has notched up over 100,000 followers on twitter and instagram . choupette is a three-year-old birman cat and the pride , joy , joy and slightly disturbing obsession .
labour attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders . criticised party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ` from all walks of life ' . signatories warned about ` proliferation of zero-hours contracts ' they claimed were ` letting down britain ' . but within hours the plan was in chaos as it was found the signatories included a benefit fraudster , trade unionists and the cigar-smoking children of millionaires .
erica ann ginneti , 35 , a married mother of three from philadelphia , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . she also faces three years ' probation , 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years .
the hunger games film franchise has grossed over $ 2 billion after three movies - and the final chapter is due out at the end of the year . before that , the twilight saga managed $ 3.3 billion over five films from 2008 . there are three other sequels to come , with the follow-up hitting cinemas may 1 .
derek lowe and tina lowe , 33 , were hit shortly before 10am on sunday . the train continued on its route after a delay of about two hours and 45 minutes . authorities say none of the 166 passengers on the train were injured . a man who met the pair said they may have lived in a homeless camp .
the westwood-designed penthouse at the london west hollywood hotel is set to open next month . it will feature exclusive art , decor and custom furnishings , created in collaboration with richmond design . guests can spot westwood prints , tiles and even scarves in the la suite , before spending an hour of exclusive shopping .
china is creating a ` great wall of sand ' in the south china sea , the us navy has claimed . the latest huge land mass is 1.5 square miles -lrb- four square kilometres -rrb- in size and was created by dumping sand on live coral reefs . experts have told mailonline that the activities could be hugely damaging to local ecosystems .
about 75 people were inside the korean union united methodist church in rahway when the ceiling collapsed . thirteen people had minor injuries while one woman was sent to the trauma center at university hospital with a serious but non-life threatening head injury . the cause of the collapse is currently being investigated .
cody neatis , from preston , was admitted to royal preston hospital last thursday with a chest infection . but rather than a bed in the children 's ward , staff do not have the special cot he needs to keep him safe in his sleep . the eight-year-old has down 's syndrome , epilepsy , autism and is fed by a tube . his mother , lynne , 48 , has slept on the floor alongside him for the past week .
indiana lawmakers unveiled this morning an amendment its already-in-effect law clarifying that no one will ` be able to discriminate against anyone at any time ' . the arkansas legislature was also poised to pass changes to its legislation after the state 's republican governor rejected its bill at the last minute . the moves had the direct effect of upsetting gay and lesbian individuals , however , and incited massive protests .
temperatures set to rise steadily until friday , when southern parts of england are forecast to hit 21c -lrb- 70f -rrb- or higher . clear skies , lengthening days and a warm mass of air from southern europe will coincide to create some glorious weather .
plan is working with nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid 's moon at 14,000 mph to see what happens . the mission will take place in two parts , and this month marked the start of preliminary design work on esa 's asteroid impact mission . aim will also be the agency 's very first investigation of planetary defence techniques .
robert clark is engaged in a different sort of battle after a council refused to increase funding he needs for a live-in carer . it means the second world war veteran could be forced out of his home of nearly 50 years and into a care home . his father was a gunner in the durham light infantry when he was captured by the nazis in june 1942 .
dr lara briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health . she says that pms can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet . julie was a bubbly , energetic person , and worked three days per week as a dental hygienist .
some christian schools give priority to families who regularly attend services , a practice which they say preserves their faith ethos . but the clergymen said affluent parents were more likely to cheat the system by going to church just to get their children into a c of e school , which are often high-performing .
martin vargic used satellite data to chart how the constellation stars have shifted and will change in the future . using data collected by the european space agency on the gradually shifting position of stars , he has estimated how the constellations will change between . stars generate sounds on their surface in an unexpected way , according to new experimental evidence .
a 19-year-old woman was changing in a cubicle in aylesbury , buckinghamshire , when she noticed a man looking under the bottom of the cubicle . she had kicked him and he then disappeared . police issued the new images , appealing for anyone who recognises the man to contact them urgently .
paul childs is the second liberal democrat parliamentary candidate to reveal he is hiv positive . the air steward said he was revealing he had hiv because he was infuriated by nigel farage 's ` scaremongering ' over foreigners who have the condition . mr childs said he received a phone call from doctors after the hiv test .
the liquid is called shear-thickening fluid -lrb- stf -rrb- and instantly hardens upon impact at any temperature . in a ` liquid armour ' this provides protection from penetration by high-speed projectiles and additionally dispersing energy over a larger area . the exact composition of the stf is known only to moratex and its inventors at the military institute of armament technology in warsaw .
hernando rivera cervantes took the pictures as local authorities warned those living around the volcano to prepare for a possible evacuation . the 12,400 feet -lrb- 3,800 metre -rrb- high volcano is one of the most active volcanoes in mexico . these blots of lightning are thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud as the particles rub against each other .
anthony clark reed was driving around detroit , michigan , on monday night when he was pulled over because he had illegally tinted windows . his father , pastor kevin clark , claimed his son had been ` driving erratically ' because he was having trouble breathing and was searching for his inhaler .
children at riverview junior school in gravesend , kent , were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads . parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to ` let off steam ' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around . school claims that the ban is intended to tackle a specific ` chasing ' game .
the marmite chocolate egg is the world 's first gourmet chocolate scotch egg . from yeast-flavoured chocolate -lrb- we 're looking at you , marmite -rrb- to an egg made from 300g of cheddar , here is femail 's selection of the most unusual eggs you can try this easter .
hayley okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition . progeria takes its name from the greek word ` proeros ' , meaning prematurely old . it involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing . there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the uk .
chinese medicine claims all manner of ailments including back ache , poor memory and even cancer can be cured by the natural world . it is often believed that the more endangered the animal is , the greater the healing affect it will have . such wisdom is widespread in guangzhou , where markets stock exotic and rare animals destined for restaurant menus , pharmacists and pet cages .
brian gemmell said spy chiefs ordered him to ` stop digging ' when he reported a possible paedophile ring at the northern ireland children 's ' home . he claimed he was one of three youngsters trafficked from the home . mi5 has faced long-standing allegations of covering up child abuse .
the elderly couple were charged with unlawfully possessing a firearm after a police search found a rifle and ammunition in a home in bundaberg . the carcasses were in various states of decomposition when found by a member of the public 360 kilometres north of brisbane in vera scarth-johnson wildflower reserve . it is thought that the site is a common dumping ground for unwanted racing greyhounds .
julie merner 's heavy drinking has resulted in her being admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years . the 39-year-old vowed to quit the habit , which has ravaged her liver , causing her to suffer severe cirrhosis . not a drop of alcohol has passed her lips since january - marking her longest spell of abstinence .
antarctica 's icy edge is disappearing in warming ocean waters . the previous hottest temperature recorded in antarctica was in april 24 1961 when the temperature reached 17.1 °c -lrb- 63.5 °f -rrb- . this is according to a new study that has combined 18-years worth of ice shelf thinning data from three different sets of satellites .
dylan miller , 21 , has lived in a hut built out of fallen trees , leaves and a tarp since september for his senior research project on simple living . he hopes living in his nine-foot-tall , 17-by-17ft hut will teach him about living simply , away from the luxuries of the present day .
two teenagers feared to have crossed into syria to join isis . one of the boys is believed to be a relative of hammaad munshi . the pair from dewsbury , west yorkshire , have not been in contact with their families for several days and can not be reached on their mobile phones .
a 23-year-old driver and his two adult passengers managed to escape unharmed as the blue mitsubishi lancer sunk to the bottom of the pool at hinchinbrook in sydney 's north-west . the men told police they were driving along partridge road at 4.30 am on friday when they collided with a taxi . a crane was required to remove the fully submerged car from the pool .
the 92-year-old is sharing a few big scoops that were too scandalous to print over the course of her storied career . many of those whose secrets smith is spilling are from her closest friends , including barry diller , who she claims asked her over 20 years ago : ` do you think i should come out ? ' .
kyle patrick loughlin , 21 , was arrested on tuesday night after reportedly admitting that he 'd molested two boys aged between four and five . police told the boston globe that they found more than 100 pairs of children 's underwear and diapers . authorities later removed a computer and other evidence from the suspect 's family home .
the dalny vostok sank in the sea of okhotsk in just 15 minutes . crew members reported that the ship was unstable because of empty fuel tanks and a lack of ballast as it sailed through the kamchatka peninsula . at least 54 bodies have been recovered in the huge rescue operation .
dr celia sanchez-ramos has found the led screens found in most electronic devices can harm the retina - the light-sensitive layer at the back of the eye . the average adult now spends up to eight-and-a-half hours in front of a screen every day , and it is not uncommon to be exposed to multiple screens at once .
britain struck oil in the falklands yesterday , a discovery likely to escalate already heightened tensions with argentina over the ownership of the islands . the bonanza , which could be worth billions of pounds , will add to fears of renewed conflict over the british overseas territory just days after michael fallon warned of a ` very live threat ' .
the long-running motoring show took up first , second , third and fifth spots in the catch-up service 's top five for the month . viewing figures come a week after presenter jeremy clarkson was dismissed from the bbc for punching top gear producer oisin tymon .
sydney 's dwelling values rose by 5.8 per cent in the harbour city , a record growth and the strongest increase since april 2009 . it comes after the reserve bank cut official interest rates to 2.25 per cent , leading to a weekly 80 per cent auction clearance rate and an investor fuelled market . it 's thus no surprise to see properties across the capital city sell for well over the $ 1 million mark .
duncan hodgetts , 25 , fell from the 14th floor window of the executive plaza building in midtown manhattan at 8.30 am yesterday . he was found on a third-floor balcony of the neighboring michelangelo hotel , near the rockefeller center , and was pronounced dead at the scene . an nypd spokesman said they were treating his death as suicide .
hakeem kuta , 17 , was on life support and passed away saturday morning after succumbing injuries from the fall that happened on thursday night . police were responding to complaints of a group smoking marijuana and loitering in the lobby of the building located on valentine avenue in mott haven . kuta and his 14-year-old companion , who has not been named , were pinned in by a dividing wall .
robert abercrombie tied his son james 's tooth to the back of his muscle car . the professional wrestler took a different approach when he tied it . his son had been asking him for days to perform the diy removal . after the car stops , james can be seen running up to the camera with blood smudged across his other teeth .
brandon afoa , 33 , of puyallup , washington , was operating a tug to push aircraft at seattle-tacoma international airport when the brakes and steering failed , causing him to crash into a luggage lift . the incident , which took place at 2am on december 26 , 2007 , left him unable to use his legs or right arm . much of his intestinal tract also had to be removed by surgeons .
keonna thomas , 30 , was preparing to travel overseas to fight with the terror group , but instead was arrested at her home . authorities said that she communicated with an islamic state group fighter who asked if she wanted to be part of a martyrdom operation . she appeared in court this afternoon dressed entirely in black , with just her eyes showing , and will remain in custody until her next appearance on april 8 .
hay castle is infested with deathwatch beetles burrowing in to its timber frames . the 800-year-old mansion has already received # 500,000 from the heritage lottery fund . it will claim a further # 4.9 m once they have raised # 1.5 m from independent sources .
twins marcus and markieff morris are the focus of an investigation into a felony aggravated assault which allegedly occurred in january . the 25-year-old twins and three others assaulted erik hood at the nina mason pulliam recreation & sports complex where the alleged victim and a woman were watching a basketball game . marcus told police he knows the twins from when he mentored them while they were growing up in philadelphia and that he used to support them financially until they had
keith cameron splashed out on a new york flat for his daughter . the 54-year-old scammed his friend and terminally ill neighbour , jonathan speirs , out of # 476,864 in a complicated ruse . he promised the world-famous lighting architect a # 2million return on his investment in just two years . but cameron 's wife , elizabeth , 58 , said : ` my daughters and i will be dealing with the consequences of his
mark doggett gave up a ten-year career in construction after hitting on the idea to set up a business using the animals ' sense of smell . the four-year-old border collie meg and 22-month-old english springer spaniel jess went to work . when they find dry rot they stop , stare at it and point with their nose .
the couple , who does not wish to be identified , hired attorney cathy hale to sue james evans the owner of premiere photos . the couple was n't alerted of the photos until many months after the celebration when the bride 's sister told the family about the racist incident at the photo booth the couple rented for the party .
baby malakai has been alive for seven months and he 's never left the hospital . his mother had to give up her job to provide full-time care for her son . the 28-year-old is not eligible for further financial assistance from centrelink as she is not an australian citizen . about 15 to 20 cases of pks are known to be in australia .
robert dellinger told investigators he was trying to kill himself in december 2013 when he drove his pickup truck across an interstate 89 median and smashed into an suv carrying 24-year-old amanda murphy . the former fortune 500 executive has admitted causing a highway crash that killed them and their unborn fetus .
chilean pickpockets have become the most effective thieves operating in central london , according to undercover police teams . in one example police stopped two chilean women wearing burkas after they had been spotted targeting rich arab tourists in the park lane and mayfair areas . a bag they were carrying contained $ 130,000 and # 20,000 as well as gold and diamond jewellery .
the bbc faced angry criticism for giving an election platform to ` mini russell brand ' gareth shoulder . shoulder , 24 , used his ` @bbcgen2015 ' twitter page to make the disparaging remark about mr cameron and ivan , who died aged six in 2009 after being born with cerebral palsy and epilepsy .
thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins . money was collected from students at the university of surrey . it was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly . the most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides , which is harmless .
brian williams handed a six-month suspension in february after he acknowledged he had lied about being on board a helicopter that came under fire while reporting from iraq in 2003 . according to a report in vanity fair , brokaw was n't so accepting of the ` quirks of his personality ' .
the egg contains an incredible 24 teaspoons of sugar at 95.5 g . at 177 calories , a creme egg will take 19 minutes of skipping to burn off . a large lindt bunny containing 540 calories will take an hour of tough rowing to work off . minutes/distance to burn the calories : 1 hour . a 90g packet of mini eggs contains a whopping 444 calories .
pushos international , an online sperm bank , is moving its offices from new york to the central florida research park in orlando . the company says the decision is in part due to the better facilities on offer . donors are allowed to remain anonymous , and a company spokesman said they can earn up to $ 750 per month .
in the u.s. , russia or china never see the sea in their lives . our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than india 's ? try measuring the ins and outs of scotland 's -lrb- granta books # 20 -rrb- .
zaur dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of the politician . now russian news agencies have quoted him as telling the court that he had been abducted , beaten and pressured into confessing to nemstov 's murder . now says he was pressured into make that statement statement .
the bust was spearheaded by one male narcotics officer , who posed as a high school senior between august 2014 and march 2015 . on top of the six arrests , an amount of cocaine , marijuana and prescription drugs xanax and tramadol was also seized in the bust . police say it is not the first time they have performed something like this .
ed miliband used a speech to say he will ` abolish ' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms . applies to around 116,000 people , claiming they make britain an ` offshore tax haven for a few ' and can ` no longer be justified ' . in january mr balls , the shadow chancellor , said : ' i think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing british money ' .
the seal cull even takes place during the animals ' breeding season . farmers say the seal killings are essential to stop animals from destroying fish stocks off the coast of scotland and northern england . supporters of the practice claim that seals threaten farmed salmon , wild fish around the coasts and fish which are kept for sporting purposes .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon was campaigning in aberdeen . she insisted an snp victory in the general election would not trigger another referendum . but she said it was ` another matter ' whether a vote would bring about a second vote on independence . more than 1,000 adults were questioned for the research .
the film has also established a new high-water mark for the month of april , blowing past the $ 95 million debut of captain america : the winter soldier , and now stands as the highest-grossing opening for any film in the fast and furious franchise . it also ranks . ninth among the top ten openings in history .
felix the cat has been missing for almost a week after he escaped from his crate at john f kennedy international airport . the two-year-old grey tabby belongs to jennifer stewart , 31 , and her husband , joseph naaman , 34 , who said the airline-approved pet carrier was damaged so badly . she said his crate was tied down to a large metal pallet and cracked open , apparently when one of the straps got caught on something as it
nasa has selected a variety of companies to work on projects to create advanced space technologies . other projects to be worked on include improved habitats for humans , and small satellites to explore deep space . one of the companies in the 12 next space technologies for exploration partnerships -lrb- nextstep -rrb- says they have an engine that could get humans to mars in just 39 days .
katy cavanagh has reportedly tried to silence its stars when they 've asked to do voiceover work for television adverts . complaints from actors have led bosses to revise the ban . katy , who played julie carp on the coronation street , has been the voice behind many ad campaigns including whitbread , lancome , iplayer restart and nestle kit kats .
katie price still regularly checks kieran 's phone and makes him tell her whenever she is going out , following his cheating scandal last year . it was also claimed that she no longer allows him to go to the gym as katie worries that his obsession with his looks could feed into his sex addiction .
a bear hunting salmon in alaska eyes up his dinner as a fish leaps straight at him while swimming up stream in order to reach its breeding grounds . the fish , which spend the rest of the year out in the ocean , will swim against the current to reach the spawning grounds where they were born .
zhang qunfei has been named china 's richest woman . the 45-year-old was born into extreme poverty in a village in rural china . she would send her salary home to her father , who was nearly blinded in an industrial accident . her mother died when she was just five years old .
kevin franklin , of dunstable , bedfordshire , will switch his lights on tonight . the 53-year-old father put the lights up on his council house last november . but he did n't take them down in january because he wanted to switch the lights on again in april for autism awareness month .
disao okawa , 117 , died of heart failure on april 1 , aged 117 . born on march 5 , 1898 , the great-grandmother had lived through two world wars , the invention of the television and the first successful powered aeroplane flight by the wright brothers . okawa was born in osaka , west japan , the fourth daughter of a kimono maker .
joshua smith fell from a cliff and plunging into the sea in berwick-upon-tweed , northumberland . he was plucked from the water by the crew of an raf rescue helicopter and flown to hospital , where he was later pronounced dead . police have referred it to the police watchdog .
deputy prime minister is trailing labour by 2 % in his formally rock-solid lib dem constituency , sheffield hallam . mr clegg won his seat in 2010 by a huge margin -- scooping up more than 50 % of the vote . aides said he would be out knocking doors on friday , saturday and sunday .
colombian-born manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show . she described how after the blunder she broke down in tears and ` wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear ' . producers decided not to punish her , and said there was nothing to worry about during the commercial break .
the guardian 's polli faro reported that mr clarkson had renounced his petrol-loving ways after a ` dark night of the soul ' . the sun revealed that the # 5 note is set to be redesigned with simon cowell 's face on it after a public poll to find the most popular celebrities .
marian carole rees was 13 when she disappeared from hillsdale in 1975 . the 13-year-old often talked of running away from home and had said goodbye to her brother on the morning she disappeared . the teenager probably ran away with the intention of permanently cutting ties with family and friends .
bella litchfield , 29 , and partner dale , 30 , from gotham , nottingham , were heart-broken when they discovered their savings would only be enough to cover the cost of a wedding , or fertility treatment . the couple decided to give up their dream wedding in order to have one last shot at ivf and have since welcomed twins stanley and darci-mai .
kitzhaber , a democrat , resigned in february , saying the influence-peddling allegations surrounding hayes had become too much of a distraction . hayes has filed a lawsuit seeking to block the release of her personal emails and thousands of other records . the emails show that hayes was involved in policy meetings , and her input was sometimes sought on policy questions .
youtube is set to offer an ad free , subscription-based service for the first time . it will offer consumers the choice to pay for an ` ads-free ' version of youtube for a monthly fee . the additional monetization option requires partners to agree to updated terms on youtube 's creator studio dashboard .
millie elia , an eighth-grade student from oak mountain , alabama , died following the accident at mount cheaha state park on saturday . the teenager had been rappelling on pulpit rockpark with her family and a friend when she fell . the park refused to release any further details when contacted by dailymail.com on monday .
the prize porker , known as pigwig , had fallen into the pool in ringwood , hampshire . his owners had been taking him for a walk around the garden when the animal plunged into the water . two fire crews and a specialist animal rescue team had to use slide boards and strops to haul the pig from the small pool .
twitter has officially rolled out its ` retweet with comment ' feature . available on twitter 's website and the iphone app , the feature will roll out to android handsets soon . until now , twitter users have had to embed tweets by cutting and pasting a url and then adding a comment within the 140 character limit .
six world powers and iran are still trying to reach a preliminary accord on reining in tehran 's nuclear program . a french official told reuters fabius ' return should not be interpreted to mean a deal was imminent . already on hand were u.s. secretary of state john kerry and britain 's foreign secretary philip hammond .
ian guffick asked pupils to make changes to the national curriculum tests . the 31-year-old also altered a number of the pupil 's exam answers . after the suspected breach of exam rules , school officials were tipped off . the department for education annulled the whole school 's sat 's results .
southampton beat blackburn 1-1 at st mary 's on monday night . sam gallagher smashed a left-footed shot into the bottom corner . ryan seager had put saints ahead with a tidy finish . southampton were reduced to 10 men late on in normal time . harrison reed was dismissed for a second bookable offence .
claudetteia love , 17 , said she and her friends would not go to carroll high school 's prom in monroe , louisiana , because principal patrick taylor had told her she had to wear a dress . her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates , who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind . but now , principal taylor and monroe city school board president rodney mcfarland have reportedly told
the 16-month-old from penrith in cumbria reached out for a hug with prince charles . the prince of wales was meeting farmers and charity staff at the rheged centre . charles is one of the prince 's environmental initiatives and promotes the use of british wool in everything from clothing to furniture .
a total of 215,462 licences exist in new south wales compared to the 177,675 owned in 2010 . tamworth , 403km north of sydney , was revealed to have the most number of firearm licences - 3259 - with bathurst , 200km west of a close second at 3075 . both suburbs saw an increase of almost 500 guns in their areas over the last five years .
deborah hutton has released ` my love affair with food ' in collaboration with the australian women 's weekly . the 53-year-old media personality shared her favourite recipes from the book with daily mail australia . hutton bucks ` health trend ' in favour of wholesome food - salt and carbs included .
beatrice nokes faces claims she incited a ring of prostitutes operating out of properties in central london . the 21-year-old is accused of running the vice ring with daniel williams . he faces several further offences including voyeurism and hiding profits of their activities in socks stuffed up the chimney of his home .
george and amal clooney have submitted plans to improve their # 10million berkshire mansion - which include the addition of a 12-seater cinema . while this may seem extravagant , according to industry experts , a cinema room is now an ` expected ' luxury in properties worth over # 10 million .
a study of 1,500 teachers found 30 per cent have suffered online abuse . this type of bullying is on the rise accounting for 40 per cent of all reported online insults this year compared to just 27 per cent last year . of those harassed online by parents , 15 per cent had threats made against them .
labour leader vows to end casual employment contracts that ` undermine living standards and family life ' . but his crackdown backfired spectacularly as he forgot labour use them . he made a stinging attack on david cameron and firms that use ` exploitative ' contracts which fail to guarantee minimum hours of work .
boeing has just filed a patent for a ` transport vehicle upright sleep support system ' known as a ` cuddle chair ' . it looks like a backpack and fastens to the back of the headrest to allow passengers to lean forward and rest their face and chest on the contraption . the chest cushion supports the passenger 's chest in a natural , forward-leaning motion .
the company says it expects the new ` artisan grilled chicken ' to be in its more than 14,300 u.s. stores by the end of next week . in products including a new sandwich , as well as existing sandwiches , wraps and salads . the new recipe also does not use maltodextrin , which mcdonald 's said is generally used as a sugar to increase browning or as a carrier for seasoning .
the easter horseback parade , known as the georgiritt , is held in traustein , germany , and dates back to the 18th century . in male trakany , slovakia , men throw buckets of water on women as part of the easter weekend celebrations . the town of trakein also stages a sabre dance , which symbolises the victory of spring over winter .
james robarge , 45 , from saxtons river , vermont was sentenced in court on friday morning for second-degree murder in the death of his wife , kelly robarge . her badly decomposed body , with her hands and head detached , was found 10 days later in unity . robarge has served nearly two years behind bars which means he could be eligible for parole in about 28 years .
the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . ellen stofan , chief scientist for nasa , said : ' i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade ' . the announcement has been prompted by the recent discovery of water by nasa in surprising places .
rudy guede , 29 , is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder of meredith kercher . the ivory coast national 's dna was found all over the bedroom where miss kercher was found half-naked , her throat slit in 2007 , in the cottage she shared with knox . knox and ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for murder , which prosecutors claimed was a sex game gone wrong .
smartphone use may be to blame for a drop in the number of times couples are having sex each month , a leading expert has suggested . it comes after professor david spiegelhalter revealed in a new book how a typical heterosexual couple was now having sex three times a month . the frequency with which britons are living on their own has been in decline since the emergence of the internet .
katie and dez were painted as part of a beach scene raising their arms happily in the air . so far natalie , 29 , has created works in front of the likes of the welcome to las vegas sign and superstition mountains in arizona . each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete , with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted .
all of the 36 units at the redlands house sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment . local council defended the colour scheme , claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home . one pensioner said residents think the property looks ` more like a children 's playscheme than sheltered accommodation ' .
louis lordan released a three-paragraph statement on monday in whcih . he said he stayed inside his cabin to keep dry and avoid sun , wind , waves and sea spray . jordan also said he set up a makeshift mast with a small sail to get the boat headed in a westward direction . he was spotted by a german-flagged boat on thursday .
protesters opposing the construction of a $ 1.4 billion telescope on a mountain in hawaii they consider to be sacred . about 300 people took part in the demonstration and those who were arrested were released after they each posted a $ 250 bail . all of the highest points in the islands are considered the home of deities , according to scientists .
rurik jutting , 30 , returned to magistrates ' court after being deemed fit to stand trial in november following psychiatric tests . the former merrill lynch bank of america employee faces life in prison if he is convicted of the murder charges . his case has been adjourned until may 8 after the prosecution asked for more time .
riley blaylock was just 14-years-old in 1980 when she and a friend took a ride home from a stranger after finishing the day at at atkins high school in rural hall , north carolina . her friend got dropped off first , but ronda never made it back home . three days later , her partially clothed body was discovered in a heavily wooded area 20 miles away from the bowling alley parking lot where she and her friend had hitched a ride . she had been violently
diane mclean , a 58-year-old child psychiatrist in the south bronx , says she and daughter rose , 8 , and twins james and annabelle , 5 , had nothing more than the clothes on their backs . a gofundme campaign has raised nearly $ 90,000 for the family .
the 31-year-old london flight attendant has undergone 30 body-changing operations , including four rhinoplasties , liposuction and six-pack implants . after doctors in the uk started turning him away , he began jet setting to other countries for cosmetic surgery . dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif about getting back implants on last season 's show , who ultimately said no to his request .
laura alicia caldero , 26 , claims she was sitting under a palm tree on the mamitas beach in playa del carmen , mexico . the woman 's friends said she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about # 70 . the beach is one of the most popular among tourists from europe and the us .
sarah stage , 30 , has been making waves online recently with her series of body-flaunting photos on instagram as she documents her first pregnancy . despite the outpouring of concern from her followers , the los angeles resident has n't let it stop her from continuing to flaunt her physique online with a new snap . she swaps traditional maternity wear and her favorite lingerie - for a more figure-hugging frock .
american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from dallas-fort worth international airport to wichita falls , texas , on sunday night . the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on . but on tuesday , city aviation director john burrus said that the airline was still trying to determine what happened .
jordan sim-mutch , 24 , posted pictures of stolen money and drugs on facebook . claimed he worked in ` midnight removals ' in his online profile . was part of armed gang responsible for 29 robberies and burglaries . used a number of stolen cars fitted with false licence plates . three men would enter premises and hold up staff as fourth remained in car .
kevin o'connor , who owns memories pizza in the small town of walkerton , told reporters he has temporarily shut the restaurant 's doors . a contributor from glenn beck 's the blaze set up a fundraising page on gofundme for the pizzeria , with a goal of helping ` the family stave off the burdensome cost of having the media parked out front , activists tearing them down , and no customers coming in ' .
pete bennett , 33 , from brighton , won a dream # 100,000 after coming first in the seventh series of the channel 4 show in 2006 . but the troubled star says he squandered his prize cash on the animal tranquiliser ketamine and is now homeless . nine years on the tourette 's sufferer says his condition has calmed down and he wants to crack hollywood as an actor .
italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police weinstein asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . the next day she snapped a picture of her matinee ticket to a preview showing of finding neverland , which weinstein is producing . weinstein posted an empty glass of water from the tribeca hotel where the nypd picked up weinstein very soon after .
corinne gump , 10 , and her grandparents were killed in a massive house fire in the early hours of monday , just hours before robert seman , jr. , 46 , was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years . after the bodies were found in the home in youngstown , ohio , police went to seman 's home and found corinne 's mother , lynn schmidt , but she has not been arrested . sem
charlotte cobbald , 17 , took the deadly medicine , which her father stephen was keeping illegally , and injected it after saying she felt like a ` failure ' . she then ran away from her father , saying ` let me die ' , before she collapsed . paramedics fought to save her and took her in an ambulance to hospital . but charlotte died from the effects of the drug .
labour 's expenses watchdog rejected claims by labour mps that they employ staff on zero hours only because they are forced to by the westminster system . labour 's biggest donor unite also lost tribunal ruling over an employee who claims he was sacked for complaining about being employed on a zero-hours basis .
a range of experts will share their knowledge of the publishing industry and offer invaluable advice and insights to provide new writers with information . among others , there will be representatives on hand from little , brown , harpercollins , headline , quercus , the creative penn , the alliance of independent authors and the society of authors .
nick cannon has signed and sealed a deal to write a tell-all book about his marriage to mariah carey . the book is being published by gallery books , an imprint of the high-powered publisher . mariah rejected nick 's numerous demands for a $ 30 million divorce settlement so now he 's writing the book . she is furious about him betraying her .
esa 's rosetta spacecraft has survived a hair-raising encounter with comet 67p after the probe ran into difficulties during a recent flyby . on saturday the spacecraft had dipped to within nine miles -lrb- 14km -rrb- of the surface to take a closer look at the jets that are being ejected from its surface . but during the manoeuvre , the spacecraft lost sense of where it was due to the amount of dust and gas and was placed into ` safe mode '
klans men thomas jordan driver , 25 , david elliot moran , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 , each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder . investigators said he faked pictures of the black man 's death to help build a case against three klan members who worked at a florida prison . the case is the latest black eye for the troubled state prison system .
researchers based at different institutions in tokyo noted that rats flatten their ears , narrow their eyes and puff up their cheeks when they are in pain . they found that long-evans rats can read pain on other animal 's faces . experts wanted to find out whether the rodents do this as a reflex reaction .
hudea was pictured late last year by photographer osman sagirli in atmeh refugee camp , just 10km from the border with turkey . she , her mother and three siblings are understood to have been living in the syrian camp since hudea 's father was killed in the 2012 hama massacre . but two weeks ago the family took a fateful decision to move south towards the city of idlib - only for it to fall into the hands of al-qaeda 's
rachel chepulis , 26 , was arrested with wesley e. brown iii in north bend , oregon almost three weeks after she helped him break out of lake region correctional center . brown , who is married with children , was awaiting sentencing after pleading guilty to being a felon in possession of a firearm . the pair managed to get 1,700 miles from the north dakota jail before being captured in oregon .
the average british worker will sit through 6,239 meetings . one in five adults admits to catching forty winks during a work meeting . but bored staff should be wary of paying too little attention . a quarter of those polled said they tend to drift off if the meeting is first thing in the morning .
scottish illustrator johanna basford has sold more than 1.4 million copies of her colouring-in book for grown-ups , secret garden . the follow-up , enchanted forest , is expected to do just as well . if you needed any proof , then browsing amazon 's bestseller list offers it .
apple 's watch hits stores this friday when customers and employees alike will be able to pre-order the timepiece . boss tim cook is rewarding his staff by offering them a 50 per cent discount on the device . any employee working in the regions where the watch is being launched will be eligible .
james paul harris , 30 , originally was charged with first-degree murder in the 2011 garroting death of 49-year-old james gerety . but pleaded no contest in december to involuntary manslaughter . on monday , a judge sentenced harris to four years and two months . but osage county attorney brandon jones said pursuing the more serious charge posed challenges because of problems with evidence and key witnesses .
sarkozy facing charges over funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain presidency of the country . images of sarkozy arriving at a specialist financial court in paris today are a huge embarrassment for a politician who still thinks he can return to power . the 60-year-old is alleged to have got the ump party to pay off his personal fine approaching # 500,000 for over-spending .
david suchet , best known as the star of tv series poirot , is fighting for better treatment for those with rare diseases . he has criticised ` disorganisation ' in the nhs for slowing down the process . his grandson todd , who is about to celebrate his first birthday , has the rare condition tuberous sclerosis complex .
singer-songwriter don mclean 's original manuscript and notes to ` american pie ' have been sold at auction for $ 1.2 million . mclean offered the wistful anthem that asks ` do you recall what was revealed the day the music died ? ' at christie 's on tuesday . the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song .
hillary clinton said she wanted nobody to know when she was going to the pool apart from one usher who was to guide her there . there she would spend three and a half hours sitting on her own reading looking ` heartbroken ' , according to a new book . the vivid account is written by kate andersen brower , a former white house correspondent for bloomberg news in ` the residence : inside the private world of the white house ' .
archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of a 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second ottoman-habsburg war . they believe the camel may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683 . the discovery in an austrian cellar shocked scientists .
u.s. district court judge jon tigar in san francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to michelle-lael norsworthy , 51 , violates her constitutional rights . the ruling says it would be the second time nationwide that a surgery has been performed on an inmate , an apparent reference to an inmate who castrated himself in texas then was given the surgery out of necessity .
the polish father has wandered into the london embassy with no memory of who he is except that he has a daughter called lenka . the mystery man , who may be suffering from amnesia , does not know how he came to lose his memory or be in the uk . he may or may not have come from denmark within the past few days .
lu lu and partner zhen mated for an impressive seven minutes and 45 seconds . the pair were pitted against another couple of pandas , yi bao and jin xin . the average length of a ` romp ' between two pandas is between 30 seconds and five minutes .
researchers from texas a&m school of public health found that hospitalizations from car crashes dropped 7 percent between 2003 and 20010 in the 45 states with no restrictions . arizona , texas , montana , missouri , and oklahoma are the only five states that do not have texting at the wheel bans for all drivers .
david cameron tried to answer question victoria prosser , 33 , stood up and heckled him about homeless people who had served in the armed forces . mother told reporters she challenged mr cameron because she wanted people to question ` the 1 per cent at the top ' who she claimed were not working in the country 's interests .
karen wakefield and her husband were one of a number of families . it was criticised by those who starred in it as intentionally painting them in a negative light . mrs wakefield , who runs wishy washy launderette in the town , is due to appear in court after she refused to pay fines for taking her daughter out of school .
danielle davis , 24 , refused a termination when a routine scan showed her baby had a cyst on the brain . but when daisy was born , ms davis and her partner andrew smith , 31 , were told she had the rare disorder anophthalmia , meaning she had no eyes . daisy will never be able to see , but some children with the disease have prosthetic eyes fitted for cosmetic reasons .
more than two-thirds of people taking antidepressants did not meet criteria for obsessive compulsive disorder , panic disorder , social phobia or generalised anxiety disorder . antidepressants are also prescribed for other psychiatric disorders . ssris are usually the first choice medication for depression and other psychiatric conditions because they generally have fewer side effects .
the rev. robert h. schuller died early thursday at a care facility in artesia , california . he was diagnosed with a tumor in his esophagus that had spread to his lymph nodes and began treatment . once a charismatic and well-known presence on the televangelist circuit , he faded from view in recent years after watching his church collapse .
professor bryan sykes of the university of oxford claims a towering woman named zana could have been the fabled yeti . witnesses described the six-foot , six-inches tall woman as having ` all the characteristics of a wild animal ' . zana was discovered and trapped by a local merchant who hired a group of hunters to hunt her down in ochamchir , western georgia . she was eventually tamed by a nobleman on his estate in tkhina .
mail reporters and advertisers have long enjoyed coming up with ever more cunning hoaxes on april fools ' day . this april 1 has seen products and advertisers outdo themselves in their attempt to grab attention and hoodwink consumers , all in the name of fun . here we bring you the best and most unlikely stories from around the web - and our inboxes .
bafta-winning actress , 39 , wants to install a boulder and gravel seawall along the west sussex coast to protect her property . but natural england has recommended the planning application be refused - citing concerns it may result in ` direct loss ' of natural habitat . it is also unclear what effect the sea wall would have on a public footpath that runs along the bottom of the estate by the seashore .
gabriel is captured on camera standing next to the bear , which sits partially submerged in the water in a north american zoo . the young boy asks whether he is safe and his dad comically replies : ` that 's pretty strong glass , hopefully ' . the bear then begins mouthing at the partition , which causes the youngster 's parents to laugh and the father to say : ` he wants to chew on you ' .
the four-poster oak wood bed was dumped in the car park of redland house hotel in hough green , chester . builders were renovating the property and left it to be picked up by auctioneers . it was snapped up for # 2,200 in 2010 by ian coulson , a bed specialist from northumberland who spotted the item .
amy johnson , from sydney , faces two assault charges and has faced court today after she grabbed a teenage mcdonald 's worker around the neck and scratched her face . the 38-year-old mother saw red and is now facing serious assault charges . ms johnson said she became aggressive because the fries had spilled out of their containers and the worker used her hands to put them back in the packet .
justus howell , 17 , was gunned down from behind by an officer in zion , illinois on saturday afternoon . police say that the argument was in fact a scuffle over a handgun - during which the firearm went off and howell pointed it at another teenager . howell 's mother latoya said her son ` could n't have been a threat ' .
sandy dee hall , 34 , and his girlfriend maxine cher , 24 , adopted smokey da lamb after he was abandoned by his mother . the couple have been providing him with round-the-clock care and attention . city officials are now demanding he be sent back to live on the farm .
the collection was amassed by george iii and has been under lock and key for 200 years . her majesty admired the poems , which were written by the shah of persia himself , and quipped : ` you do n't get gifts like that any more ! ' . other documents shown to the queen touch on some of the most important events in history .
london furniture company made.com shows scientifically proven tactics you can use to change the layout of your room . sleep experts recommended you arrange your room symmetrically , install heavy curtains and keep pets out . if you 're having trouble sleeping it could be down to the interior design of your bedroom .
young job seekers fill forms with text speak such as ' u r a gr8 company 2 work 4 ' and ` btw am out of work atm ' . cardiff-based insurer with more than 5,000 staff voiced fears in evidence to welsh assembly 's enterprise and business committee .
police went to a home on march 26 in balch springs , texas , to do a welfare check and were told that a two-year-old child had died and the body returned to mexico . the ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child , police claimed . a phone number for the single-story home had been disconnected .
swedish firm says producing the new version uses far less energy than making the pork and beef variety . its veggie balls will be rolled out this month , created from a secret recipe of chickpeas , peas , carrots , peppers , corn , kale and seasoning . ikea now sells a staggering one billion of its regular meatballs every year .
natalie whitear , 35 , struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd . the mother-of-two suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness . condition is so severe that mrs whitear ca n't recognise herself in the mirror . she was formally diagnosed around three years ago .
mario ambarita took chances with his life when he clambered into the wheel housing of the garuda indonesia flight which took off from the main island of sumatra . the 21-year-old flew at 34,000 ft to jakarta , where he had climbed into the housing when the aircraft stopped at the end of the runway . his immediate whereabouts were unknown this morning .
ukip campaign chief patrick o'flynn accused brussels of feeding ` propaganda ' to young people who could not be trusted to vote in a referendum . ukip has called for the vote to be held earlier , and today warned under-18s should not be allowed a say .
ben elton took a swipe at myleene klass over her criticism of ed miliband 's mansion tax plans . the comedian told a 1,000-strong crowd at warrington 's parr hall the popstar had made her money ` showering in a bikini ' . elton told supporters he was ` back with labour ' and should be ` proud to make a contribution ' .
leia , an eight-month-old boxer from pennsylvania , was filmed as she lay on the couch and latched on to a baby 's pacifier . to date the video of leia has garnered more than 145,000 likes on facebook , with many viewers deeming the scene ` cute ' and ` adorable ' .
simona trasca , 34 , known as ` romania 's pamela anderson ' , said her latest boob job was so cheap her surgeon could not have paid tax on it . plastic surgeon marek valcu claimed ms trasca 's comments were defamatory and sued her .
leylandii hedge is the final defeat in a battle that involved two generations of mrs alexander 's family . it kicked off 35 years ago when the owner planted a vegetable patch which withered and died in the shade of her neighbour 's hedge . mrs robinson refused and declared : ` i would rather move than touch these trees ' . stirling council has finally ruled that the hedge can stay .
after ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus announced that it will no longer have elephants in the show starting in 2018 . some of the asian elephants will live out their post-performance lives in the center , while other will be used for breeding . the population of animal has decreased to between 25,000 and 32,000 from it 's 100,000 population over the last century .
the law , brought in by indiana governor mike pence , was supposed to satisfy evangelicals but has sparked boycotts of the state . marc benioff , the ceo of salesforce.com , was one of the first corporate executives to react to the polarizing bill . he told cnn money he was now responding to employee complaints that they no longer want to work and live in the state , and is trying to find ways to help them .
the 15-passenger van was carrying 12 people from south carolina toward atlanta when it went off interstate 85 near the town of commerce about 7 am monday . authorities have confirmed three deaths , according to georgia state patrol captain mark perry . the van 's driver ` apparently fell asleep and allowed the vehicle to leave the roadway , at which time the vehicle struck a tree on the passenger side , ' young said .
the cheyenne mountain complex was built for norad to direct the american response to a nuclear war with the ussr during the cold war . the complex is home to more than 1,000 personnel and is able to operate as an underground town for months with fresh water and food . it shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from russia seemed to subside .
the swimmers were shouted at to get out of the water by a group of men standing on a penthouse balcony overlooking the beach . while the likelihood that serious injury would have been very unlikely should the shark have turned its attentions to them . destin is a resort town in okaloosa county , florida , on the peninsula that separates the gulf of mexico from choctawhatchee bay .
asma fahmi was walking to her car with her family when they were attacked by three men from a balcony . the 34-year-old was with her sister and ill mother when they had hard boiled eggs pelted at them . asma and her sister believed that a day out at the theatre was exactly what their mother needed . the second time asma has been attacked in sydney in four years .
jo gilchrist , 27 , was left writhing in pain on valentine 's day . a staph infection invaded her body and eventually attacked her spine . she has been in brisbane 's princess alexandra hospital ever since . doctors are still desperately trying to rid her body of the bacteria .
the 68-year-old pulaski county resident , who was known as terrill wayne newman until tuesday , told the lexington herald-leader he does n't expect to be elected . his predecessor , who died in 2012 from chronic emphysema , gained a following for his wit , sharp dress sense and support of legalizing marijuana .
researchers at harvard university have revealed that ancient european populations were dark skinned for far longer than had originally been thought . rather than lightening as early humans migrated north from africa around 40,000 years ago due to lower levels of sunlight . it was not until 7,800 years ago when the first farmers migrated from the near east through turkey that two key genes that provide lighter skin appeared .
the three men , two women and four children were detained at a checkpoint in ogulpinar . it is believed the youngest of the four children is two and the eldest is 11 . turkey is a key staging ground for foreign fighters attempting to reach is-controlled areas of syria and iraq .
john zelepos of north stonington faces up to 15 years in prison after pleading guilty to tax evasion and financial structuring offenses . the restaurant owner may also be forced to pay a $ 500,000 fine . prosecutors said he 's agreed to paying $ 234,407 in restitution over the tax returns along with interest and penalties .
seven of the world 's most endangered crocodiles flew out of melbourne on wednesday en route to their native country . the 40 centimetre-long philippine crocs travelled in custom designed boxes specially built by melbourne zoo to ensure they had a smooth flight . there are only about 250 philippines crocodiles left in the wild , making them the most endangered species in the world .
floods around the missouri city were flooded in the intense downpour , with one town recording more than two inches of rain in half an hour . several crashes followed the atrocious driving weather , though no injuries were immediately reported . the severe weather in missouri produced reports of more than 3 inches of rainfall near augusta west of st. louis .
the 33-year-old and her husband henry hager already have a daughter , mila , who turns two later this month , and the youngster was on-hand to help her mother announce the family 's exciting news . during a segment in which ` adventure correspondent ' jenna was discussing what her ` next adventure ' for the show would be . she cut away to a clip of herself pointing to her tummy , asking mila who was in there , before the toddler told the world
cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows snp leader nicola sturgeon wants david cameron to win the election . row followed an allegation she told french ambassador sylvie bermann she would prefer a tory general election victory .
camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook 's decision to open up messenger . the gifs are created in the camoji app . once downloaded , users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long . they can then add filters and other effects - similar to instagram .
pictures show clean-up crews entering rubbish-strewn buildings where lonely victims spent their final days . although police officers will have already removed the often badly decomposed bodies , the majority of the houses are still packed with signs of a once active life . in rapidly ageing japan , more people are dying alone and go unnoticed by their families for weeks or months .
crystal o'connor and her father went on fox news on thursday to discuss their comments and the backlash they 've received . it was revealed that the pizza shop has never catered a wedding before . kevin said he initially shut down because he ` could n't tell if they were getting real orders or fake orders ' .
just under half of women aged over 55 expressed disappointment over their decisions . for men , the figure was even higher , with 52 per cent having suffered from mental issues . one in five over-55s surveyed admitted to feelings of depression due to a missed opportunity at work . 17 per cent of women felt some sort of resentment towards their partners .
ian cunningham , who has recently taken ownership of the tourist attraction , said he was ` amazed ' to discover no-one had realised the homes will be built right alongside his rollercoaster . readings from the fun park will go into a report as local planning council considers a 480-house project .
gabrielle giffords walked through the la airport using a cane , hard-won steps that show her continued progress four years after she survived an attempted assassination . the former u.s. representative , who is now an advocate for gun control , was accompanied by her husband , retired astronaut mark kelly . last week , the couple had watch at the johnson space center in texas as mark 's identical twin brother , astronaut scott kelly , blasted off aboard a russian soy
the planetary society analysed the feasibility and cost of a crewed mission to orbit the martian moon phobos in 2033 . it concluded that such a plan could indeed fit within nasa 's human space exploration budget - but that politics is holding the decision back . the panel said the current plan would use an orion spacecraft to move crewmembers from earth into orbit and back down .
the university of sydney have been running a 17-week diploma for year 11 students at scot 's college to skip their year 12 exams and ` buy ' their entry into the sandstone university . the program was devised by the university 's commercial arm . students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses .
david bowie has written new songs and arranged older music for the production late this year at the new york theatre workshop . based on the novel by walter tevis , the 1976 film starred bowie as a humanoid who lands on earth in search of water for his parched planet and becomes enamored with alcohol and television .
domenico rancadore was given a seven-year sentence in 1999 for being a member of the cosa nostra . in february he lost his year-and-a-half battle against extradition and was told he must return to italy to serve his sentence . italian law states that a sentence is extinguished once a period of more than double the time of the penalty has passed .
terry martin shot his girlfriend laurice hampton , 48 , after she asked for half of the proceeds . but hampton critically injured from a gunshot wound to her chest , was able to call 911 about 6:30 am saturday . hampton was taken by ambulance to john peter smith hospital but died hours later .
kimberly greenberg became angry and left her santa monica home to calm down about 8.30 pm on march 24 . her mother janice greenberg has now made an urgent appeal for help as the teenager , described as having the mental capacity of an eight-year-old . the teenager left her home without medication or her cellphone .
anthony bethell decided he would pay for work to restore the 180-yard hedge . but he claims st john 's has refused to agree with him on the matter . mr bethell says he has been forced to take the college to court . the hedge marks the boundary between his home and the college 's land .
dr alex russell , a sydney-based university lecturer who has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years , shares his advice for wowing winos with your knowledge . he says people would be in the lab for an hour and would n't learn much . ` no expert has become an expert by only drinking their favourite wine , ' he says .
amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth . far from a conventional toast , mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage . the performance was also a tribute to their father , peter , who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years ago .
david rowles , 38 , from cwmbran , south wales , filmed the stag stunt . he said : ` everyone thought it would be a head-turner ' . each of the men dress in high heels and the video maker noted that some of them were walking ` too well ' .
charlney couple epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in 365 days while travelling to 35 countries . with only seven months to organise everything , epiphany , 23 , left her job at a film production company to freelance and work towards their dream . carl , 27 , continued to work as a senior editor at an advertising agency .
yoko ono has led the tributes to john lennon 's first wife cynthia . she said she was ` proud ' how she and cynthia had ` stood firm in the beatles family ' . cynthia died at her home in spain yesterday following a short battle with cancer .
jefferson county circuit judge laura petro on thursday dismissed the case against anthony ray hinton . hinton was convicted of two 1985 murders that occurred during robberies of fast-food restaurants near birmingham . prosecutors linked hinton to the killings through a .38 - caliber revolver found at his house . could n't match the bullets .
12-year-old bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow . despite her fearsome sound , bluey is said to be gentle and loving . she is currently in a rehoming centre in cambridge looking for a new owner . her purr is almost four time louder than the average cat .
president barack obama unveiled plans to impose sanctions on hackers . he said cyber attacks ` pose one of the most serious economic and national security challenges to the united states ' . obama said hackers working in china and russia target america 's defense contractors and the systems designed to support the country 's troops .
new isis nursing school lists language entry requirements for would-be nurses . among them are rules that applicants are no more than 25 years of age . rule is something that even the nhs has yet fully put in place . details of the first nursing school to be opened in isis-held territory were revealed by raqqa .
the cantilevered platform in chongqing has a 720 degree view from a vantage point that stands nearly 4,000 feet above sea level . its incredible viewing area protrudes nearly 90ft from the cliff face at the longgang scenic area . work on the structure started in march last year with builders facing a terrifying trip to work each day .
noreen spendlove , 68 , had the scan as part of the nhs breast cancer screening programme , and as she says : ` as always , getting the all-clear was a big relief ' . but 18 months later the gp referred noreen for a mammogram . this revealed three lumps on her left breast , which were all tumours .
laura sumner , 24 , was given ten days to leave russia after being fined # 23.50 . but russian media reports have branded her ` agent sumner ' and linked her to a bizarre claim of a revolutionary plot . the report claimed the nottingham university academic 's work was ` important for the plans of the west to create a `` colour revolution '' in russia ' .
detlef guenzel chopped wojciech stempniewicz into small pieces while listening to pop music before burying them in the garden of his home in hartmannsdorf-reichenau in 2013 . he was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead . state attorneys had sought 10 and a half years in prison for the defendant , a trim , soft-spoken father of three .
ronn payne , retold in a new book based on interviews with more than 100 members of the presidential mansion 's domestic staff . chelsea accompanied her parents and their dog to the marine one chopper in 1998 , just a day after the president admitted to marital infidelities . politico published an excerpt of ` the residence : inside the private world of the white house ' .
a study by kärcher has revealed six in ten brits are too busy to clean their homes each week . one in eight have n't vacuumed at all this year so far , a fifth never polish or dust their home and a quarter have never cleaned their windows before . other top ranking ` cleaning sins ' include leaving hair in the plug hole .
president barack obama put a human face on the harmful effects climate change can have on public health - his daughter malia . ` well you know , malia had asthma when she was four , and because we had good health insurance , we were able to knock it out early , ' the president told abc news ' chief health correspondent . the president said he can ` relate to ... the fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says , `` daddy
e.on effectively overcharged thousands who decided to move to other suppliers . industry rules state that energy companies must give customers 30 days ' notice of any price rise . once a customer states they intend to move , the firm is not allowed to impose an exit fee or apply the new higher tariff even if the move takes place .
pope francis has repeatedly lamented christian suffering in the middle east , africa and elsewhere . reflecting this concern , among those chosen to take turns in the way of the cross procession in the ancient arena were faithful from iraq , syria , nigeria , egypt and china . several italian families also carried the lightweight cross for a few steps .
just 24 % of people said they supported fracking in a department of energy and climate change public attitudes survey published in february . poll by yougov in january put approval for extracting shale gas at 35 per cent and opposition at 41 per cent . by contrast only 29 per cent of women backed fracking .
the 12-tonne double decker bus broke down en route to the stagecoach depot in dover , kent . the driver was forced to ask passengers , colleagues and locals to give him a helping hand . the group managed to succesfully roll the huge bus - which can carry up to 80 passengers - through the streets of dover .
the young couple have this week jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday following accusations of cheating . martina olsson claimed that she had slept with zayn while he was holidaying in thailand recently . the pair 's union could be compared to that of cheryl fernandez-versini and ashley cole .
hannah brierley , 16 , thought her mother was playing a prank . she stared at the reptile for a few minutes until it moved . mrs marriott attempted to call the rscpa at 7am yesterday morning . but after she was unable to get through she panicked and dialled 999 .
the yarnell hill fire killed 19 firefighters in 2013 , the worst disaster of its kind since 1933 . prescott city attorney jon paladini claims the fire 's sole survivor , lookout brendan mcdonough , heard the leader of the granite mountain hotshots order the crew to leave a safe spot where the fire had already burned .
the us-based barrick gold reached the out-of-court settlement when the women threatened to file a lawsuit in the us . one of the women was just a 14-year-old girl attending school in the northern enga province when she was raped by the firm 's security guards and police . several police officers offered to pay her for her bags and offered to take her to an atm to draw out the money . but she was taken to the mine site where she claims one of
tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart . how ` in touch ' with themselves are they aware of their character and personality faults ? do they know what they 're feeling and shares their feelings with you is going to be a lot easier to share a bathroom .
the united states ' national defense reserve fleet was set up after the second world war in 1945 . at its height in 1950 , the ndrf consisted of 2,277 ships , reduced to 230 by 2007 , and 122 in april last year . today , just over 120 ships remain , posing a risk to the environment in the bays where they are moored .
april 2 is autism awareness day and autism assistance dogs are a little known but hugely beneficial form of ` animal therapy ' . the term ` autism spectrum disorders ' -lrb- asd -rrb- is an umbrella term that includes autistic disorder ; asperger 's and atypical autism . children with autism often have difficulty with social interactions and their verbal and non-verbal communication skills may be badly affected .
theia , a bully breed mix , was hit by a car , clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch in washington state . the dog , theia , survived being run over , beaten with a hammer and buried , and now needs surgery . theia is scheduled to go into surgery in a few weeks time after raising money through crowdfunding .
the patent was filed by the california-based firm in march 2011 . it details a method of scanning a user 's face using the front-facing camera each time the phone is moved into a certain position . if the scanned face matches a previously taken photo , the phone unlocks automatically . the patent explains that current methods of unlocking a device are ` inconvenient and time consuming ' .
the children 's sudanese mother , 35 , was behind the wheel of a grey 2005 toyota kluger when it crashed into the lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west just before 4pm on wednesday . one-year-old bol and four-year old twins madit and anger all died after the 4wd they were in plunged into the water . the father of three siblings who died has since spoken out to defend the children 's
study led by the university of montana has found that eating fast food after a workout may be just as beneficial as dietary supplements . researchers found that during recovery periods between periods of exercise , it did n't matter what food was eaten . the research was published in the international journal of sport nutrition and exercise metabolism .
luke shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30 am on good friday . the 11-year-old , who is autistic , was reportedly seen walking near the devils river on sunday , four kilometres south of his campsite . police are unsure when the beanie was dropped as the search for luke continues .
the fossils were rediscovered when the president of the official loch ness fan club , gary campbell , was invited to the museum . he saw the resemblance and called for scientists to investigate the ancient creature . the fish ancestor roamed earth 's freshwater lakes during the paleozoic era , between 542 million and 251 million years ago .
the united states department of agriculture 's food safety and inspection service revealed the recall on tuesday . the type of baby food being recalled is ` stage 2 beech-nut classics sweet potato & chicken , ' which is sold in 4-ounce glass jars . stores across the country were shipped the jars now being recalled , according to fsis .
the new 6.2 mile-stretch -lrb- 10 kilometres -rrb- means the full range of the qin dynasty great wall can be traced for the first time . nine sections of the wall have been found over the last two months along the inner coast of the yellow river in gansu province and the ningxia region .
danny eckhart was intoxicated , his former co-workers in st. tammany parish say , when he took the vessel out on the tchefuncte river and smashed it into pilings outside the t-rivers bar in madisonville . no one was injured in the crash .
luke lazarus , 23 , was jailed for at least three years on march 27 for raping an 18-year-old virgin in an alleyway outside his father 's soho nightclub in may 2013 . lazarus hired back schwartz vaughan - a liquor licensing specialist law firm , who lodged the appeal five days after the conviction . in the victim 's impact statement , which was read out at court on her behalf , said she will never be the same following the brutal attack .
labour leader accused of snubbing britain 's army of self-employed workers . he prompted claims he was worried about upsetting his party 's ` union paymasters ' . but while david cameron , nick clegg , nigel farage and nicola sturgeon all feature .
residents in huddersfield , west yorkshire , have reported issues with drains , streetlights , cracks in front doors , gaps between interior doors and the architrave , loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street . the family homes in the lindley area have four or five bedrooms and cost in the region of # 250,000 .
having fathered 40 children by 20 different women , mike holpin still has an active online dating profile . listed among his hobbies is watching tv and playing computer games - a luxury indulged by the taxpayer who footed the bill for his three 48in widescreen television sets . but one of his sons has spoken out to confirm the feeling is not mutual .
researchers at the university of illinois recruited 150 children aged between seven and 10 and gave them a game which involved learning a pattern between a set of shapes and colours . the game was designed to test cognitive flexibility , which is our ability to shift attention , select information and alter our response strategy to fit the changing demands of a task .
aaron stringer , of the bakersfield , california , police department , reportedly said ` tickle tickle ' as he ran his fingers along the soles of the feet of ramiro james villegas , a 22-year-old whom officers killed the same day . stringer has been on paid administrative leave from the department since it started investigating the chilling accusations in november .
phil smith , 25 , scaled a fence to try to get in his flat in cottingham , hull . but fell and hit his head and suffered a bleed on the brain and a blood clot . he was placed in a medically induced coma at hull royal infirmary . his parents have paid tribute to their ` lovely son ' who had a ` natural talent ' .
bae system 's typhoon is powered by two eurojet ej200 engines . it is 49ft -lrb- 15 metres -rrb- long from tip to tip and the material is ` no more than the thickness of a match stick ' . this helps its ` fly by wire ' computer system to accurately control the aircraft , designed to be unstable but hugely agile . this means the jet will be in ` near perfect alignment whatever the moon may be doing , ' said martin topping
leza davies , 33 , from telford , shropshire , believed breast feeding had left her chest saggy and thought implants would boost her confidence . she saved up # 4,000 to go from a 34a to a 34d and was pleased with her new look . in april 2012 , she was sorting out washing and knocked her right breast on a door frame because of its increased size . she soon found out she was pregnant after finishing treatment .
the test was set for 14-year-olds in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad . the test often features logical reasoning questions and are set to test top achievers . katie chrystler tweeted : ` if cheryl makes it this hard to find out when her birthday is , she 's not going to get many gifts ' .
zea costello , 51 , and daughter emily were visiting manhattan when they went missing on march 30 near their home in the wealthy seaside village of greenport . they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said . police said they now consider the case to be closed .
sheldon silver , the former speaker of the new york state assembly , was charged in january for allegedly taking $ 4million in brides and kickbacks since 200 . his son-in-law marcello trebitsch , 37 , was in court on monday as prosecutors accused him of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading . despite being a co-owner of their mutual fund , allese capital llc , and a certified
chinese engineering graduate cheng chen , 27 , was inspired to make the iconic body armour after watching the hit film with his younger brother . he spent six months painstakingly researching and building the replica to the movie 's exact measurements . the finished product is two metres high , weighs just 4kg and comes with helmet , laser gloves and a power backpack .
the sainsbury 's app is in development and will be trialled in wandsworth later this year . as customers scan their household items , a live pricing tool will show their list with current store prices . these prices will update automatically if an item goes on sale , or becomes part of a multi-buy deal for example .
frances clarkson , 53 , spent the easter bank holiday weekend with family and friends in barbados . she has previously holidayed in the area with the 54-year-old broadcaster but the pair , who have two daughters and a son , are said to have lived apart for years .
sam barton has had # 55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like joey essex . the 22-year-old says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house . on easter monday he was attacked by a group of men who shouted abuse at him as he left .
amy wilkinson , 28 , claimed housing benefit and council tax benefit . she claimed over two years when she appeared at south and east cheshire magistrates court last week . her grandfather tommy docherty , now 86 , was manager of manchester united from 1972 until 1977 . he was sacked over his affair with the wife of the team 's physio in 1977 .
wilsons promontory national park is home to a range of wildlife including kangaroos , emus , echidnas and numerous other smaller marsupials . onlookers were shocked by the actions of the wallaby but it looks like there 's no bad blood between the two native australian 's .
the election means that half of the six-member city council in ferguson , a town where two-thirds of the 21,000 residents are black , will now be african-american . this just over one month after the department of justice released a report on the shocking culture of racism and abuse in the city .
ruth davison has been leading the campaign to prevent millions of people getting a real chance of owning their own homes . but just as she did not advertise the fact that she is a member of her local labour party in islington , north london . she also earned hefty salaries in public bodies for years when labour was in power .
just nine told daily mail online that the former secretary of state would make a good u.s. chief executive . stacey benton , a government major from florida who leans republican , said a president hillary clinton is ` just going to continue a lot of things obama has been doing ' . she called clinton ` grizzled ' from a life in politics and said that ` just because she 's a woman does n't mean she should be president ' .
the phone was handed in to albury police station on the nsw-victoria border on sunday morning . police officers on duty realised the phone was unlocked and used it to post selfies and puns on the woman 's facebook page . the original post had already garnered a humorous response from her friends and officers .
the hometown of stephanie scott has paid tribute to the much-loved teacher who was allegedly murdered on easter sunday . more than a dozen hot-air balloons took to the skies as hundreds of yellow helium balloons were released in the town . the 26-year-old grew up and met her fiance aaron leeson woolley .
a third of parents polled said they belt out hip hop songs to soothe their little ones to sleep . eurythmics ' there must be an angel came second on the top ten , followed by vanilla ice 's ice ice ice baby . more current hits from pitbull , ed sheeran and sam smith also made the cut .
a study of 2.3 million parents has pinpointed 7.35 am as the most hectic , frenzied time of day in australian households . sophie falkiner , 41 , has told daily mail australia that she has a ` million and one ' things to do in the mornings to get her children out the door . the former great outdoors and wheel of fortune presenter added that the school run is the cause of much mayhem .
oxford university research has found that young babies are more sensitive to pain than adults . it means that newborns often go without painkillers , even during invasive procedures . but the new findings , revealed by the university doctors , suggest that not only do babies feel pain , but their pain thresholds are even lower than those of adults .
dr nisar wani , scientific director of the reproductive biotechnology centre in nad al sheba , dubai , said : ` we are very excited because injaz is now pregnant and we expect to have a calf from her late this year ' . the mother-to-be , whose name is injaz , was cloned from the ovarian cells of a slaughtered camel in 2009 and born by surrogate mother .
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door . with the door jammed , it is seen constantly moving up and down hitting her skull each time . after more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps , boomer appears resting in the same position .
local campaigners vigorously opposed to the bridge are calling for a parliamentary inquiry into the scheme . they want lawmakers to look into the misuse of public funds . when the project first began it was promised it would be paid for in its entirety through private funds . the promises were made against a tide of criticism likening the scheme more to a privately managed tourist landmark than a bridge .
mirreyes , which refers to individuals who enjoy ` ostentatious spending , exhibitionism and narcissism ' , are ` placed above all others ' . post pictures of luxuries with a hashtag of the same name . they are often the sons and daughters of government officials , wealthy businessman and other members of mexican high society .
a 25-year-old man was born at the luton and dunstable hospital in 1989 . he was readmitted three months later suffering a serious brain haemorrhage . maternity staff at the hospital failed to administer a vitamin k injection . he now requires 24-hour care and will do for the rest of his life .
nathan sellers went on divorce court with his ex , lia palmquist , and said she slept with the wu-tang clan during one night as she partied with them at a hotel after a show . that would mean palmquist had sex with the rza , the gza , ghostface killah , masta killa , u-god , inspectah deck , raekwon , cappadonna and method man . palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the w
the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child could be the first royal to be born outside london for 85 years . st mary 's hospital in west london is the first choice of venue for the delivery . two other hospitals have been put on standby in case kate leaves the capital .
photographer dustin wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company . inspired by ancient hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape , dustin has journeyed from the arctic circle to australia . he writes on his website : ' i have a desire to experience the natural world and to let those feelings inspire me . life on this planet is older than any of us can comprehend , and there is a beauty in that
the site told daily mail online that ` after review by our team , the campaign set up for officer slager was removed due to a violation of gofundme 's terms & conditions ' . a separate fundraising campaign was started on site , indiegogo , titled the ` michael t. slager support fund ' and featured a picture of slager in his police uniform . as of thursday at 11am , it had raised $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal on donations from
robert durst , 71 , pleaded not guilty thursday to two state gun charges in louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to california to face murder charges . durst 's hands were shackled to his sides , and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium . he had to whisper twice before durst said , ' i am not guilty , your honor ' .
` screw ' measures an inch -lrb- 2cm -rrb- long and was collected by a ufo and paranormal research team called the kosmopoisk group . they claim the stone is between 300 and 320 million years old and after x-raying it , believe there is another hidden ` screw ' inside the stone . but more conventional scientists have not got a look at the object , so have had to base their speculation on grainy pictures posted online .
the incident happened after a meeting between afghan provincial leaders and a u.s. embassy official in the compound of the provincial governor in jalabad . one of its soldiers died in the attack , without providing the nationality of the slain soldier , as is the coalition 's policy . also , an afghan soldier killed three american contractors on january 29 .
stacey eden , a 23-year-old sydney resident whose furious stand against racism has spread around the world . her recording of the fiery incident went viral after being published by daily mail australia on thursday morning . hafeez and khalida were the subject of an offensive rant on public transport on wednesday afternoon .
the 58-year-old actress , who took a leave of absence from broadway play ` fish in the dark ' earlier this month , shared the news through a statement published by people magazine on tuesday . she explained that her first test for cancer came back negative but that she was correctly diagnosed after seeking a second opinion . before the diagnosis , wilson said she had ` vigilantly monitored ' her health with mammograms and mris because she knew she had an underlying condition of lcis .
richard attenborough 's possessions will be sold at auction house bonhams . the actor-director 's treasured possessions are going up for up sale . lord attenborough made his big-screen debut in the 1942 film in which we serve , and was still acting more than five decades later .
john t. booker jr was detained in manhattan , kansas , on friday morning . charged with multiple terror offenses , including attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction . booker was shown how to arm the bomb , which was actually a dud , and taken to a supposed secret gate to enter the base by fbi informants .
book will feature tiffany aching , a witch-in-training who has featured in four of sir terry 's books to date . the novel , based in the fictional realm of discworld - a flat disc balanced on the back of four elephants and a giant turtle roaming through space , will go on sale in september .
sii deutschland beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the passenger comfort hardware award at the crystal cabin awards in hamburg , germany . the adapted seat would make use of the usually wasted space at the back of aircraft where the fuselage narrows . it would be a larger version of the aircraft chairs , meaning a wider passenger could comfortably and safety fit in the chair .
ramon c. estrada , 62 , was set to be paroled in less than three weeks when he died sunday at the prison in draper , utah . a dialysis provider did n't show up for a scheduled treatment for two days in a row , a prison official said tuesday . the technician or technicians involved worked for a university of utah hospital clinic that provides dialysis for the prison .
clinton 's lone official appearance on her first day in new hampshire was a carefully stage-managed small-business roundtable in keene . but a lunchtime visit to a main-street bakery and two more appointments later in the day were off-the-books and under the public 's radar . if police radar had been engaged , it would have clocked hillary 's signature black conversion van - ` scooby ' , for the uninitiated -- hitting 92 mph in
abdelkrim elmezayen , 13 , died a day after his family 's car hurtled off the road and into a los angeles harbor . their parents are in a stable condition in the hospital . firefighters rushed to the port in san pedro when passers-by heard cries for help .
janet street-porter posted a picture on twitter with the caption ` just met nicola sturgeon lookalike out canvassing ! ' . both the press and the public routinely talk about politicians in less-than-flattering terms , mocking their trendy kitchens , their silly casual clothes and their strange hairstyles .
a horse attempted to jump a black peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in greencastle , county tyrone . one animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf , dismounting a rider , after trying to scale the vehicle . one rider reported visiting a&e to be treated for badly bruised ligaments after her horse fell .
chloe pearsall , 26 , and nicole howley , 25 , committed the acts of abuse at the care home throughout 2013 they have been jailed along with their colleagues . all four workers ` systematically ' abused residents until a whistleblower reported them to bosses . judge sean enright said he had to deal with his own ` revulsion ' to find a ` just , proportionate sentence ' .
luke shambrook , 11 , was sitting on the side of a hill peering between trees in the fraser national park north-east of melbourne . he was found just before midday aest on tuesday in thick bushland off skyline road , eildon , 3km from the campsite . his parents tim and rachel were reunited with luke as he was put into an ambulance in a stretcher , with his mother giving him a kiss .
four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on sydney harbour . the men collapsed on the vessel on good friday , forcing it to dock near the opera house . police believe at least that man , and possibly the others , had taken ` blue scissor ' pills , similar to those linked to overdoses in cronulla last year .
hermann goering founded the gestapo and was commander of the german air force . he was well known for being overweight and as a result the suit shows the strain of being worn by the large officer . it was originally believed to be a replica , but the careful examination of the sweat blemishes and buckles led experts to believe it had been worn .
the 1946 document bears the signature of a dealer called karola fabri . it seeks permission for the transfer of artworks from budapest to zurich . constable 's masterpiece beaching a boat , brighton was looted by the nazis from its jewish owner during the second world war .
feline family ties proved essential at a zoo in japan recently after a newly born white tiger cub fell in to a pool of water . the quadruplet male cubs were let out into their glass cages for the first time at the tobu zoo in saitama prefecture , on the outskirts of tokyo .
the intrepid social media giants were sent by europcar to explore and snap nearly 650 miles in three days . photographers included fedja salihbasic , who boasts 427,000 followers on instagram and hanni gharib who flew over , meet the likes of steve oates and james wright .
scientists at rice university in houston have developed a new , single-use device that eases the pain of an injection . their invention numbs the skin prior to the jab by producing a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin within 60 seconds . current solutions are either ineffective because they fail to numb the skin adequately , or take too long , the researchers said .
asbestos found in the roof at new york city 's mayoral residence , officials do not believe the work poses any health risk to mayor bill de blasio and his family . the cost of removing the asbestos will be about $ 250,000 and the contract was awarded this week to regional management inc. .
kazakhstani ministry of defence has chosen 123 of its ` prettiest female soldiers ' . they have already been viewed more than 30,000 times by voters . the pictures show the women in military uniform , with weapons and in civilian clothing . the competition was also open to voters not only from kazakhstan but also neighbouring countries krygystan , azerbaijan and russia .
chris the interpreter was hit in the leg when gunmen opened fire near his home in khost , eastern afghanistan . his son muhammad also sustained injuries in the attack , which chris says was the latest in a series of attempts to kill or kidnap him . chris worked with elite units including the sas , royal marines and parachute regiment .
office workers were shocked to discover the couple having sex in a park in crawley , west sussex , as temperatures reached 25c in some parts of the uk . workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair , who were semi-naked , did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them . photographs and videos of the incident were quickly posted online and shared thousands of time .
tinside lido , plymouth , underwent a # 3.3 million restoration in 2003 and has been voted one of europe 's top 10 pools . the cumbrian expanse is the largest natural lake in the country and its wide views inspired wordsworth . at ten and a half miles long and 219 feet deep , you 'll have your toe into .
james bond would have died minutes into skyfall before succumbing to fatal wounds from a uranium shot if the secret agent played by daniel craig was real . medical experts examine several different action movies to see whether the man characters would have survived their ordeal . other movies to undergo the medical assessment were die hard featuring bruce willis .
the university of michigan nixed an upcoming screening of the oscar-nominated drama american sniper over student complaints . the school tweeted out a statement saying the ` decision to cancel not consistent w/high value @umich places on freedom of expression ' . the tweet was linked to a statement by e. royster harper , the school 's vice president for student life .
clare van santen was 15 weeks pregnant with her fifth child , elijah , now aged nine . the perth woman was first diagnosed when she was pregnant with elijah when she asked her doctor after all her treatment whether she was in remission . he told her that with breast cancer , if it is contained within the breast like hers was , you are essentially cured . ten years on , after living a life which she thought was cancer-free , the single mum-of-five has been
michelle schwab , 38 , has been charged with child endangerment . she allegedly dangled her two-year-old son over the 10-foot-deep enclosure in cleveland metroparks zoo before he slipped and fell . she faces six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine .
the family of evita nicole sarmonikas arrived back in sydney on tuesday . they flew on a mission to bring her body home , after being pressured to have her remains created . it has now been revealed dr victor ramirez , of the hospital quirurgico del valle in mexicali , the capital city of baja california , operated on roseann falcon ornelas in 2014 . she was given a tummy tuck by dr
first mid-air refuelling of an unmanned aircraft was today successfully achieved by the navy 's x-47b drone . earlier today , the aircraft plugged its in-flight probe into the hose of an omega air kc-707 tanker off the coast of maryland . during the test , it trailed the 707 tanker from a mile off before using optical sensors and a video camera .
eric isaiah adusah charged with murder of his pregnant wife , charmaine spears . hotel staff found the body of pregnant charmain speirs face-down in a bath . ms speirs ' husband eric , 30 , has been charged with her murder . mr adomako acheampong has claimed in court that his sister had never touched drugs .
police have said that bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , 24 , hit his wife palak bhadreskumar patel multiple times with an object and then fled . patel has been charged with first-degree murder , second-degree assault , as well as dangerous weapon with intent to injure .
john foran 's wife nita was preparing a chicken tikka biryani stir-fry on tuesday april 7 . the # 2 ready meal was bought from an iceland foods store in spytty retail park near the couple 's home in newport , south wales . iceland said they are carrying out a thorough investigation into how the timber shard came to be in the curry .
j.b. silverthorn of orchard park , new york , was convicted this week for driving over the limit and crashing his car into the niagara river on december 29 . he was stranded three-feet deep in moving water and rescued by firefighters . he 's currently being held in the erie county jail with his bail set at $ 1,000 .
aaron hernandez was booked at mci cedar junction in walpole , a prison just across the freeway from gillette stadium where he used to play for the new england patriots . he has n't set foot in the stadium since june 2013 , when he was arrested under suspicion of murdering odin lloyd . on wednesday , a 12-person jury found him guilty , sentencing him to life without the possibility of parole due to some especially heinous aspects of lloyd
osvie the goose was close to being put down numerous times . but an animal lover 's appeal for help led to a south african tech company stepping in to manufacture him a brand new limb . ozzie 's new 3d printed leg was designed in the shape and size of a goose leg .
google executives and employees donated more than $ 1.6 million to obama 's two white house campaigns , and the online search giant parachuted top talent into both . one result has been a coziness with the u.s. government 's executive branch that few other companies can match . google has insisted it never received special treatment in that case , punctuating its denials with an animated gif of a laughing baby .
` very blokey joke book ' by jake harris on sale at river island contains an offensive joke about domestic violence . the book contains a quip about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends . shocked twitter users branded the joke ` horrific ' and ` staggeringly offensive ' and demanded action from the clothing brand .
rita wilson , 58 , tweeted : ' i am overwhelmed with gratitude by your prayers and good wishes and the kindness you 're sending ' . on tuesday , she shared the news of her disease through a statement published by people magazine . she was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and completed a double mastectomy and reconstructive surgery .
christine bleakley has opened up about the difficulties of becoming a step-mother to frank lampard 's two daughters isla and luna . the 36-year-old has been in a relationship with the manchester city midfielder for fiver years , and says building a bond with his children has been a careful , ` well-thought-out process ' .
virginia 's portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules . after the photo began circulating the web , food service coordinator jim gehlhoff said the lunch was ` concerning ' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks .
an 18-month-old baby and three girls - aged three , six and eight - were trapped on a sandbank while out walking during the school break . but when it was obvious they had found themselves in trouble , those perched on the nearby pier did nothing to help . the incident serves as just another reminder of the dangers of rising tides after more than 60 spectators had to be rescued .
emilia clarke , who plays daenerys targaryen believes game of thrones has great female characters . the hbo drama , based on george rr martin 's fantasy novels , is about to begin its fifth series . other female characters are battling for survival - and vengeance .
jade ruthven , 33 , was so upset by the ` poison pen ' note she got her own back by forwarding it onto comedian em rusciano . the letter , littered with expletives and exclamation marks , starts with the anonymous author saying they had got together with ' a few of the girls ' to say they are ` so over ' the running commentary of ms ruthven 's life .
darius the rabbit measures over four feet long and weighs in at a whopping three and a half stone . the rabbits ' owner , annette edwards , says she looks forward to the day when jeff dwarfs his father . it costs her # 5,000 a year to feed her giant bunnies as they munch their way through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples .
amit yadav , 20 , was driving his red honda civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit . he lost control and smashed into an oncoming renault cleo in august 2013 . taimur , who had been sitting in the front passenger seat , was pronounced dead at the scene . his brother died later in hospital .
laurent stefanini , 55 , was in january asked by french president francois hollande to represent their country at the holy see . but the controversial appointment was met ` with a stony silence ' , according to the french media . it added : ` the homosexuality of the appointee would have triggered a barrage against him ' .
police are investigating links between the hatton garden gems heist and a strikingly similar raid on a berlin bank in january 2013 . they are expected to make contact with scotland yard this week . in particular , they are keen to find out whether any dna was recovered from the scene of the easter weekend raid .
blagojevich , 58 , has been photographed with his still full head of hair a shocking white color rather than the boot polish black that was his trademark as a politician . the former illinois governor is currently serving a 14-year sentence at the federal correctional institution englewood near denver .
gao yu , 71 , has been jailed for seven years for ` illegally providing state secrets to foreigners ' . the ruling communist party named ` document number 9 ' to a hong kong media outlet . gao is ` the victim of vaguely worded and arbitrary state-secret laws that are used against activists as part of the authorities ' attack on freedom of expression ' .
the danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons , crown prince frederik , 46 , and prince joachim , 45 . the two were by margrethe 's side once again in the evening when the danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of europe to fredensborg castle .
a pair of masked men armed with handguns have robbed three banks in the pittsburgh area so far this year , most recently on april 10 . the unknown men , who are seen on surveillance footage pointing their guns at bank employees ' heads , have threatened to kidnapping those at their targets and shoot police . however , the way that the two men handle their weapons has led the fbi to suspect that the thieves are actually former police officers themselves .
the gypsy secretariat foundation , which are leading the campaign , are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies . members of spain 's gypsy community throw flower petals into the manzanares river , symbolizing the departure of their ancestors from india .
sheriff stanley glanz said in a press conference on monday that the fbi had informed him of the result of the investigation into the shooting of eric harris by reserve deputy robert bates . bates , a reserve deputy , says he mistook his handgun for a taser and accidentally shot harris while attempting to help other deputies take harris into custody . he has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the april 2 death and faces four years in prison
nuku vanonyi cudjoe-calvocoressi , 41 , was on a train when he pulled up his shorts and exposed himself to a 33-year-old female passenger . the woman began secretly filming him on her mobile phone and asked her husband to meet her at wokingham train station . he was convicted of indecent exposure at berkshire magistrates ' court . he has now been banned from teaching for at least five years .
the classic steam engines took to the tracks of the north yorkshire moors railway today , hauling passengers between pickering and whitby . early this morning a team of firemen , fitters and cleaners lovingly polished the steam trains at grosmount engine shed in preparation . the event continues throughout the weekend and vistors can also attend the event during 24-26 april .
students at wolfson children 's hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the jacksonville humane society shelter . the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys . children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button , and then watch on the tv as the animals react and play with them .
len barnes shed three stone as he battled clostridium difficile . he lost his appetite and endured continuous pain . despite numerous courses of antibiotics , the 75-year-old was showing no signs of improvement . it was then that specialists suggested a faecal transplant . mr barnes was then admitted to the university hospital of north tees .
us body that regulates internet addresses is looking to crack down on a canadian company using the new ' . sucks ' domain name to extract exorbitant sums from celebrities such as kevin spacey and companies looking to protect their reputations . the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers , or ` icann , ' sent a letter on thursday to the u.s. federal trade commission and canada 's office of consumer affairs .
scientists believe another daspletosaurus , which could grow to nine metres -lrb- 30ft -rrb- as adults and weigh up to four tons , fed on the youngster 's body . tyrannosaurus rex and its relatives were more intelligent than previously thought and hunted in gangs which included young and older members .
john travolta said his decades of personal experience in the organization have been nothing like the blackmailing , physically abusive cult portrayed in the film . ' i have n't experienced anything that the hearsay has -lrb- claimed -rrb- , so why would i communicate something that was n't true for me ? ' he said .
mars-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east . now , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence .
a savannah baby and a baby in atlanta has been awarded $ 1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw . levi jarrett millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. wednesday , making him this year 's first tax day baby at memorial university medical center .
rachelle and chris chapman will welcome their baby girl into the world on april 18 thanks to an old friend who asked them to let her be their surrogate . the baby will be born near laurel 's home in asheville , north carolina , four hours from the chapmans .
a guard at the u.s. census bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife . police believe the suspect , only described as a man in his 30s or 40s , may even be tied to another shooting that occurred thursday in the southeast quadrant of the city . the shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into d.c. that ended when officers shot him on a
jeffrey walker told jurors that the philadelphia police department drug squad targeted ` white college-boy ... khaki-pants types ' who were ` easy to intimidate ' . the witnesses have said the squad stole as much as $ 80,000 at a time during illegal raids marked by threats and physical violence . walker said he first stole money as a uniformed patrolman when he chased a dealer into a house and spotted a large bag of cash on top of the refrigerator .
the offender , snapped on security footage in a fluoro orange sweatshirt and oversized mask , is described as being ` very tall ' . he made off with the dairy 's till and about $ 1500 in cash on saturday . police were reportedly called to the union st dairy , in east christchurch at about 12.30 pm .
eight per cent of british muslims said they had ' a lot of sympathy ' for the likes of jihadi john . six out of ten strongly condemned those , such as isis , who have joined isis . one in four of this cohort had some sympathy with those who decide to join terror organisations .
a report on the threat posed by australian foreign fighters has blamed the abbott government 's troubled relations with the muslim community . the lowy institute report says the large number of australians fighting in syria and iraq represents a ` serious national security threat ' . the new report comes just a day after the news of the death of melbourne model-turned-jihadist sharky jama .
researchers found patients on a mbct course suffered almost the same rates of recurrence as those taking anti-depressants . over two years , relapse rates were 44 per cent compared to 47 per cent in the medication group . this suggests it offers an ` alternative treatment ' for those averse to the idea of taking drugs .
the records for robert bates include certificates showing what training he received , job evaluation reports and weapons training and qualification records dating to 2008 . bates ' attorneys said the 64 pages of information include records bates copied and kept for himself . although there are time gaps in the documents provided , some of the records seem to indicate bates was proficient in firearms and dozens of other training courses .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , is awaiting extradition from florida to north carolina , where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old ron lane . in a telephone interview from a daytona beach jail , lane tried to take advantage of his brother , but he was in the proposal to try to and i was n't going to let that happen . he said he has no regrets about the shooting .
the hop theory ` beer-bag ' contains a blend of hops , fruit peels and natural spices , and promises to turn light beer into craft after two minutes . despite nearly reaching its crowd-funding target , the project has been criticised by professional breweries as being misleading about what constitutes as ` craft beer ' .
caretakers of abraham lincoln 's tomb are on the defensive over an unflattering critique in national geographic magazine . the timing of a ceremony wednesday in springfield to mark his death is awkward because illinois faces a financial crisis . gov. bruce rauner has proposed eliminating the state historic preservation agency that manages sites including the tomb as it currently exists . he would roll the agency into another department .
harvey weinstein 's wife georgina chapman , 38 , stepped out looking forlorn amid allegations her husband apologized to a 22-year-old model for groping her . but on saturday the couple were pictured at their connecticut home . weinsten was seen rolling up to the compound in a silver mercedes .
damon muller has almost doubled in size due to swelling and bloating . he was diagnosed with juvenile dermatomyositis in november . the disease has robbed him of the ability to run , ride his bike and play outside freely in the sun - something his mother says has been very difficult .
abu sayyaf militants abducted warren rodwell from his home in the philippines by gunpoint on december 5 , 2011 . he was released in march 2013 when his family managed to raise a ransom . the agd did not place any timeframe on when he should expect mr abbott to decide on his case .
ajelica ` aj ' hadsell , 18 , has been missing since march 2 . she was on a break from longwood university in farmville , virginia . the body has been sent to the chief medical examiner 's office for identification . comes after police focused their search on a pond near carrsville last week .
levi wood , 13 , told rebecca boyd that she is 'em barrassed ' by the way she acted . she and her step-sister were said to have been ` rude and obnoxious ' throughout the film . mrs wood , 36 , was mortified when she heard about the encounter from her son and said ` it was a hard pill to swallow , but i knew they were n't raised that way ' .
bbc political editor nick robinson made a brief return to tv screens last night . but he expressed hopes he would be fit again to cover ` the election proper ' . mr robinson 's voice sounded weak and strained following cancer surgery . he said he was listening to his doctors and speech therapist .
at least three terror groups plotting attacks against britain have changed their tactics since the fugitive stole intelligence files from gchq and the us national security agency . extremist websites have also moved to protect their digital communications by releasing encryption programmes for followers . evidence of the harm done to intelligence agencies across the world .
lacey spears of scottsville , kentucky , was found guilty last month of second-degree murder in the death of her son garnett-paul spears . the boy 's father , chris hill , was not emotionless however and wrote of his wife 's sentence ; ` please put her in general population ! thats all im asking for ! because she wont make it . ' . the father , who said he was tired of crying over the loss of his boy , stated
marcel hirscher slalomed in and out of poles filled to the brim with coloured , biodegradable powder . the skier teamed up with the red bull media house and starelation to create the unusual stunt . the process involved 11 cameras , a specially-enhanced slope , and three days to set up before creating the incredible video .
hanan suffered regular beatings and taken to a warehouse in mosul , iraq . hundreds of women were lined up and hand picked by jihadist militants . girl told them she had been beaten , handcuffed and raped at the hands of isis . she said she shakes with fear every time she sees ` someone with a beard ' .
mike lane , 40 , was beaten by balaclava-clad protesters armed with iron bars on ropes . he said : ` they could have made more effort . everyone is very disappointed . i 've been told that unless further evidence comes forward , the attackers are not likely to be found . we find it pathetic ' .
xiao zhengti , five , was born with a congenital liver disease . he had to have his first major surgery at just nine months old . mother yang haiying donated part of her liver to save him . but the boy 's body rejected the organ , leading to years of trips to hospital .
archaeologists studying the remains have found spores of several mushroom species embedded in her teeth . discovered in an elaborate grave in the el mirón cave in cantabria , spain . the remains are thought to belong to a 35 to 40-year-old woman who was buried around 18,700 years ago .
james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago . the reaction to a male being offered the position caused huge opposition which left mr ritchie feeling that the negativity impacted on him being able to do the job to the best of his ability .
alfie had a general anaesthetic for an mri scan at the animal health trust clinic in newmarket , suffolk . his owner lynne edwards noticed a lump behind his ear . but when alfie returned she realised something was wrong with the pet when he started to refuse food and found puss oozing from his back . she then took him to a vet where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns .
passengers on board the carnival spirit are at the mercy of the wild seas as storms batter the east coast . the massive swell , seen from video images taken from on-board , shows just how treacherous and stomach churning the conditions are . the ship has suffered damage in wild weather conditions off the nsw coast .
health services minister scott morrison will reportedly scrap a provision that allows parents who do n't vaccinate their children to claim welfare benefits . the controversial change could put millions of dollars back into the federal government 's pocket . mr morrison recently said the rules around welfare payments need to be ` tightened ' .
capybara joejoe has near 60,000 instagram followers and lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy . the large rodent sits perfectly still while three energetic ducklings stand on its head and body . he then submerges his head in the water , which causes a duckling to slide off him .
the international shark attack file gathers statistics on interactions between the mammals and humans . only a minority of sharks are any danger to humans , with great white , bull and tiger sharks accounting for the vast majority of attacks . reunion has recorded seven fatal shark attacks in the past five years , more per capita than anywhere else in the world .
the first contestant to press his buzzer was tom , a freemason , who inexplicably answered : ` what is the age of consent ? ' . it is n't unheard of for game show contestants to give embarassingly incorrect answers when under the pressure to buzz first . but tom 's answer must have left things feeling slightly awkward in the tv studio .
jack jordan proposed to laura cant last christmas while suffering from leukaemia . the pair planned to wed after a bone marrow transplant . mr jordan was given the news last week that he was too ill to undergo the transplant and has just weeks to live . the couple are now set to become the first to marry in a ceremony at torbay hospital 's chapel .
zea costello , 51 , and daughter emily , 14 , were recognized by the front desk manager of the hotel they were staying at on sunday . they were found at 3am by nypd officers and are in good health , officials said . iona called her mother at 3:30 a.m. on monday morning to tell her she was ok .
new book by former education journalist david turner lays bare the little-known history . it was inspired by david cameron 's comparison to flashman in tom brown 's school days . years of research in the schools ' archives has shed light on tales of master 's held at sword-point , mass walkouts and battles .
mary kay letourneau , vili fualaau and their two daughters , audrey and georgia , sat down for an exclusive interview with barbara walters on 20/20 on friday . the couple 's 10-year wedding anniversary will air on abc friday at 10pm . audrey was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998 . her 16-year-old sister was welcomed into the world behind bars after the disgraced teacher was re-arrest
the shire of montana , located in the north-west corner of the state , gives guests the chance to live like bilbo baggins for just under $ 300 -lrb- # 200 -rrb- a night . at 1,000 square feet , the underground house one king bedroom and a smaller guest room , plus custom-made wooden furniture .
former politician and passionate environmental activist peter garrett is listing his charming victorian terrace in randwick . the 62-year-old has lived at the thoughtfully restored home for almost five years with his wife dora and three daughters , emily , grace and may . the property was bought by garrett for $ 932,500 in 2010 while he was the minister for environment protection , heritage and the arts as part of the gillard government .
warner bros and dc entertainment attempted to set a world record for the largest gatherings of people dressed as dc comics superheroes . the april 18 event kicked off in queensland , australia , with a celebration at the hollywood & highland center . the other 13 locations were : birmingham , uk , france , spain , mexico , italy , brazil , taiwan and the philippines .
taronga zoo 's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on friday . the prize-winning pumpkins were served to the asian elephants at the popular sydney zoo . taronga 's asian elephant herd , including 3300kg pak boon and calves pathi harn and tukta , were quick to swoop on the record-breaking pumpkin .
elijah cook was last month fitted with hearing aids that allowed him to properly hear the voice of his mother , ahavah cook , for the first time . last month , tests confirmed he was profoundly deaf in his left ear and only able to hear 75 decibels in his right . the couple from andova , minnesota , were afforded something neither of their parents were .
xue feng returned to his family in houston , texas , on friday following his release from beijing 's no. 2 prison . he served all but ten months of his eight year sentence after getting it reduced for good behavior . xue was the only american citizen serving a sentence in a chinese prison for the crime of endangering state security .
matthew hall , 25 , climbed onto the balconies in of his victims in northern quarter district and hid , asking when confronted ` am i scaring you ? ' and ` you 're dead sexy - can i come in ? ' . in one case he walked into his victim 's bedroom as she slept in the early hours , making off when she switched the light on and saw him . hall now risks arrest if he enters the area , where each of his terrified victims lived , at any
sarah ivens with her two children , william , and matilda , one-year-old matilda . they were ready to be a father , we were financially secure and after editing a weekly magazine in new york for four stressful years . eleven months later , when my body was still not doing what i demanded , i got depressed , stressed and scared .
the los angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations . the brand now encouraging customers to shop online , with the same selection of products . founder frederick mellinger opened the pinup-inspired lingerie brand in 1947 and went on to launch a mail order catalog in the 1960s .
jay kantaria , 38 , from harrow , north-west london , had been looking forward to his daughter 's birthday party when he leapt onto train tracks . but a coroner recorded an open verdict on the cause of death , saying there was ` doubt ' as to his intention when he jumped .
the designer revealed in february that he would not be presenting a collection at the sydney event this week . despite this year marking the 20th anniversary of mbfwa , perry is taking in the fashions from the comfort of the front row . when asked if he will miss the excitement of running his own show , he laughs .
journalist and author sarah wilson opened up in a candid interview about her battle with mental illness . ms wilson revealed it was a combination of issues , including mounting stress , her thyroid disease and distant family . she thinks we need to acknowledge this link to be better equipped to tackle the increasing rate of australian women who are being negatively affected by stress and anxiety .
jean wabafiyebazu , 17 , and his brother marc , 15 , drove around canada raiding homes and buying drugs , according to court documents . jean was shot dead in their mother 's consular bmw in miami on march 30 . marc is waiting to discover if he will be charged with his murder .
the attraction , which features a ball pit , slide and climbing area , can be accessed via the doll 's right foot . cartoon images are displayed inside the legs to teach children about sex . the inflatable , nicknamed ba di doll , has appeared at wanda plaza commercial complex in eastern china 's nanjing city .
david etzel , 36 , of palm beach county , florida , is accused of biting his mother 's 10-pound shih tzu . the dog 's owner michele etzel told deputies the injuries were comparable to being hit by a vehicle or attacked by another dog . etzel was being held on $ 10,000 bail .
the republican presidential hopefuls told conservative radio host hugh hewitt in separate interviews on tuesday that they 'd enforce federal drug laws and block the sale of marijuana in colorado and washington . ` marijuana is an illegal drug under federal law . and the states should not be permitted to sell it and profit from it , ' christie said , citing an ` enormous addiction problem in this country ' . christie , a candidate-in-waiting , claimed america has an `
the 60-year-old was called to serve on a case involving a car crash and had to answer a couple of questions about his relatives . when it came to a question about the jurors legal experience the sitting judge refrained from making roberts answer , saying , ` obviously we know what you do for a living , sir ' . the only giveaway that he was one of the top judges in the highest court in the land and part of the judiciary branch of us government was the two security staff
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , made his first appearance at the wayne county courthouse in goldsboro , north carolina after being extradited from florida . he is accused of shooting 44-year-old ron lane at wayne community college on monday morning before fleeing more than 500 miles south . at the hearing on thursday , he initially denied a court-appointed attorney , saying he knew he 'd get life behind bars when he shot dead his
the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients . the report states : ` recent animal studies have shown that marijuana extracts may help kill certain cancer cells and reduce the size of others ' . the term medicinal marijuana refers to using the whole unprocessed plant or its basic extracts to treat a disease or symptom .
rilie carey learnt the popular song at preschool and was halfway through eating her dinner when she decided to perform it for her mom , jessica . but as the rhyme continues , the number of ducks returning to their mother decreases - her eyes begin to fill with tears . at the end of the clip rilie leans in for a hug from her mom - despite being told the ducks do actually return .
ashley pegram , a 28-year-old mother-of-three , left her summerville , south carolina home for a date with a man she met on messaging service kik on april 3 . her sister , brandy chance , reported her missing the next day and went through her kik account , where she found messages from a man who identified himself as emoney bon . but when she spoke with him , it emerged he was a man , edward primo bon ,
christine lillico , 47 , was trusted with looking after her elderly parents ' bank accounts as their health deteriorated with age . but instead of using the money to care for john and audrey air she plundered their life savings to bankroll her own lifestyle . mr air went without a telephone and basic amenities , while suffering the shame of being in debt for the first time in his life because of his daughter 's crimes .
passers and flight attendants from around the globe have taken their frustration to shame feral passengers with annoying habits . they include a feet being wedged in between seats or near other passenger 's head , rubbish being trashed in seat pockets and bathrooms . one passenger decided being seated on a busy plane was the perfect time to clip his fingernails .
kevin carr , 34 , from woolacombe , devon , ran more than a marathon a day for almost two years , crossing 26 countries and getting through 16 pairs of shoes . he began his epic voyage at haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days . mr carr ran across five continents during his epic 621-day challenge beating the previous record by a day .
the 77-year-old woman was struck by lightning while she sat in her car . a few days later , she visited the opticians and was referred to see opthalmologist mohit gupta , who works at pilgrim hospital in boston , england . mr gupta scanned the patient 's retina , using a relatively new technique known as optical coherence tomography -lrb- oct -rrb- .
haley fox , 24 , of turner , oregon , fractured samuel campbell 's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday . she has been charged with first-degree assault . fox and campbell , of adger , alabama , had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online .
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane this weekend . the inhabitants of the scottish cathedral town have gone into overdrive for wedding of their most famous resident . there have also been plans to line the streets with well-wishers as the couple make their way to the venue .
the photography competition was designed to illustrate the northern territory 's unique outback lifestyle . locals describe the amateur competition as a chance to showcase the best the bush has to offer . the winner of the ` industry at work or play ' category goes to jacynta coffey for her stunning shot .
lawrence phillips is serving a sentence of more than 31 years for choking his girlfriend in san diego and driving his car into three teens after a pickup football game in los angeles . on monday , prison officials revealed he is suspected of killing damion soward , a 37-year-old inmate from san bernardino county serving 82 years to life for a first-degree murder conviction .
andrew ` drew ' butler , 25 , allegedly shot mother-of-three kendra gonzalez from the passenger seat in san jose , california , in front of the couple 's two-year-old son and her teenage daughter . after the vehicle stopped , butler got out and dragged her body from the driver 's seat and left it on the road . butler then ordered the teenage daughter , who was with her boyfriend at the time to get out of the
ashton wood raised $ 18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car . during a failed settlement between the manufacturer , fiat chrysler automobiles ' jeep , and mr wood , one of the requests made by the car company was for the buyer to publish an ` apology ' . because no one would publish the apology , he will instead read it out on the abc 's ` the checkout ' tonight .
joelison fernandes da silva , 28 , developed gigantism as a child . his rapidly soaring height forced him to drop out of school . but true happiness found the shy brazilian in the form of evem medeiros , a 5ft 21-year-old woman he met online .
hilary wilson , from whitchurch , shropshire , was technically dead for a terrifying 11 minutes after suffering a severe cardiac arrest as her son , felix , was being born . the 41-year-old woke up four days later with absolutely no idea that she had been pregnant or having her baby . it was only when she saw a picture of her new baby wearing her children 's hand-me-downs that she realised he was her son .
mohammad qamaruzzaman was hanged on saturday inside a jail in dhaka . the assistant secretary general of the jamaat-e-islami party headed a militia group that collaborated with the pakistani army in the 1971 independence war . his execution took place after he refused to seek presidential clemency .
amy murray , 23 , rowed with fellow cinema-goers during screening . people sitting in row in front of her and her friend became annoyed at them . argument broke out and murray hit jessica deadman while drunkenly gesturing with her hand . police were called to the century cinema in clacton-on-sea , essex .
ana granucci davis , 28 , gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday . mrs davis was walking on central avenue to a parking garage when he was fatally struck by 25-year-old jason lanard mitchell . mitchell faces several charges including dui manslaughter .
sam griner from jacksonville , florida , set up a gofundme page to raise the $ 75,000 her husband , justin , needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications . by tuesday afternoon the page had raised more than $ 38,000 of the goal .
billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear 's home in mcintyre , georgia , where mama june 's daughter jessica was preparing to go to prom . since then billy has n't been seen and he is n't returning any phone calls or texts . the family 's popular reality show , here comes honey boo boo boo , was cancelled by tlc after photos emerged of shannon spending time with convicted child molester mark m
marianne power attended robbins ' unleash the power within seminarwhich claims to ` discover how to identify what it is you really want ' . the idea is that once you overcome the fear of walking on coals of between 1,200 and 2,000 fahrenheit , you can ` conquer the other fires of your life with ease ' .
news corp australia ceo julian clarke was peppered with questions from greens senator and party leader christine milne . ms milne flatly told the inquiry , ` you and i wo n't agree on that ' . mr clarke also rejected allegations recently published by fairfax media alleging $ 4.5 billion had been siphoned from mr murdoch 's australian operations to the united states virtually tax free .
tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed . the firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their instagram user name in their profile . tinder now shows you the mutual friends and friends of friends you have in common with your potential matches .
austin carey , 23 , and jay rawe , 25 , fell onto a riverbank when their parachutes tangled at the perrine bridge , idaho , and were left badly injured . but a year later , both men have returned to the sport they love - and mr carey has even retraced his steps to successfully jump from the bridge .
isis has publicly beheaded six men accused of exploding a car bomb . they are all marched to a small wooden stump and instructed to kneel . before an islamic state militant carries out brutal retaliation . one by one , the alleged fighters are paraded in front of men and very young boys .
nigel farage faced claims of a ` cover-up ' for censoring a poll . secret ukip-commissioned poll shows farage has fallen behind tory opponent in the kent seat he is contesting . he is in danger of finishing third , with labour catching up fast .
former air hostess has won a # 14.5 m london mansion from her ` immensely wealthy ' 90-year-old ex-husband . the couple 's main marital home had been a # 26m ` palatial residence ' in jeddah , saudi arabia , for which 40 members of staff were employed to keep it ticking over . after their divorce , the woman moved into the townhouse , claiming her right to live there as one of their matrimonial homes .
dr arye shimron says he has linked the james ossuary to the long disputed ` jesus family tomb ' in the city 's east talpiot neighbourhood . bones were discovered inside ossuaries , including one that bore the inscription , ` joseph , mary , yose , matthew and most controversially , ` judah , son of jes ' . however , a very small percentage would have had the same effect on the talpiot
survey of 63,000 readers found walmart is lacking in areas including service and quality of produce . walmart was joined by a&p and waldbaum 's -lrb- number 68 -rrb- , which each earned 64 points - the lowest out of the supermarkets surveyed .
stars , buyers and fashion editors in the ` frow ' are often showered with gift bags stuffed with treats from the show sponsors . but a few of the highly-prized gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers - perhaps a disgruntled second row guest - decided to snap them up for themselves .
sarah foot says her affair with open water began on hampstead heath . she has taken her to swimming in the north sea off the coast of suffolk . the poet byron was every bit as proud of his phenomenal swimming prowess as his verses called the experience a ` buoyancy of spirits i never feel on any other occasion ' .
the 25sq/m model has 21,500 soldiers and 10,000 horses , illustrating not just the major military events of the battle . it is on display at the royal green jackets museum in winchester , where it will serve as the centrepiece for the battle of waterloo . it was built in the 1970s , but fell into disrepair before being restored to its former glory just in time for the bicentenary .
scientists at ucla examined the brains of 90 women , 44 of whom took the pill , and 46 who experienced natural cycles . they found the lateral orbitofrontal cortex and the posterior cigulate cortex were thinner in those women taking the contraception . the posterior cingulate cortex governs the ` internal state ' , or inward-directed thought , helps process emotions and retrieve memories .
martynas kupstys , 26 , spent three hours sitting on a bus stop from lincoln prison . staff told him he was free to go in august 2014 for the murder of ivans zdanovics along with his brother-in-law andrus giedraitis . the lithuanian killer also waved a saucepan threateningly . both men were this week jailed for life following the murder in gainsborough , lincolnshire in january 2014 .
hassan munshi is believed to be a relative of hammaad munshi . the boys have been named as 17-year-olds hassan munshi and talha asmal . hassan was arrested by counter-terrorism police at the age of 15 . he was later convicted over his role in a brutal plan to murder non-muslims .
the s'more frappuccino is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28 . the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream , milk chocolate sauce , graham crackers , coffee , milk and ice . starbucks lovers took to twitter to express their opinion of the drink which was almost unanimously positive .
izzat ibrahim al-douri was ranked sixth on the us military 's list of the 55 most-wanted iraqis after the offensive to overthrow saddam . he was reportedly killed near tikrit , where he was working alongside isis militants . his daughter was briefly married to saddam 's elder son , uday , who was killed by us forces .
dervia suffered from pica , an eating disorder that makes people crave non-food substances . in the discovery tv show my extraordinary pregnancy silvia revealed how she wanted to eat rocks . she is seen picking up tiny rocks from out side of her house , saying : ' i feel really upset and guilty ' .
mother-of-two elisha wilson beach , from los angeles , shared the image on instagram and then shared on the facebook page of life of dad . the picture has now been liked on facebook more than 211,000 times . the image has divided the internet community with much of the online furore focused around hygiene .
margaret tyler , 71 , has been collecting royal-themed knick-knacks for more than 40 years . but squeezing it all into her terraced home has n't been easy and her gargantuan collection now fills four whole rooms . mrs tyler says she has no plans to stop collecting and describes it as ' a labour of love ' .
a warning for a tsunami as big as one metre -lrb- three feet -rrb- forecast to hit islands in japan 's far south . national broadcaster nhk said waves were possible on several islands in the southern okinawa chain . witnesses said buildings swayed in taipei but there was no visible damage .
leeton high school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder . ms scott 's body was found by police in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , on april 10 . the 26-year-old is believed to have been murdered after she disappeared from her workplace . her father robert scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends .
in 2008 , 994 personnel have been treated for mental health issues . despite lariam - the brand name for the drug mefloquine - being banned by the u.s. military due to concerns over side effects , the mod has ignored appeals to stop prescribing it in what critics say is an escalating ` scandal ' .
italian police say a fight broke out on a rubber dinghy carrying more than 100 african migrants from libya to sicily . a group of 15 men have now been arrested on suspicion of ` multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate ' . the survivors said they had boarded a rubber boat on the libyan coast on april 14 , which had 105 passengers aboard .
former porn star christy mack , 23 , fled her las vegas home on august 8 , 2014 . she claims koppenhaver , 33 , became abusive four months into their one-year relationship , which started fast . when they met on a photo shoot set , she had pneumonia and he offered to look after her , bringing pizza to her hotel . she has to wear a wig and glasses , and is still undergoing reparative dental work .
jim murphy , its scottish leader , and douglas alexander are among those on course to lose their seats . survey of eight constituencies revealed swings to the snp on a scale which would be unprecedented in modern european politics . even charles kennedy , their popular former leader , now 15 points behind .
russian sailors on board the admiral kuznetsov , the country 's largest warship , have come up with an inegnious way of cleaning the decks . the crew of the kuzcansov came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear of debris which poses a major risk to jet planes taking off and landing .
kate and prince george cooed over the new-born animals . staff at snettisham farm park , norfolk , are so familiar with the duchess of cambridge she knows many on first-name terms . helped by his mother , her prominent bump hidden beneath what appeared to be william 's green barbour coat .
swan come dine with me ice cream & gelato maker , # 49.99 , argos.co.uk . the removable bowl has an inner , freezable gel layer . has to be frozen for eight hours before you put it back in the machine . as it starts to churn , you slowly pour in the mixture .
the two continents are linked at panama , but there has been a debate about when this land bridge first appeared . before the isthmus of panama rose from the sea by tectonic and volcanic action , the central american seaway linked the atlantic to the pacific as one great ocean .
cruz implied during a conversation with daily mail online on saturday that if he ascended to the highest elected office he would n't make his attorney general enforce federal laws . the position stands in contrast to the views of at least three of his gop competitors , who last week said that while they believe in states ' rights to self-determination , they 'd lay the hammer down on colorado and washington for flouting federal law .
deborah , 43 , lanarkshire , described her naturally curly hair as a ` frizz nightmare ' . home colouring has left it dry and out of condition . she is not alone . taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle . taylor ferguson salon in glasgow for the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment .
scientists at the rockefeller university in new york believe a new antibody therapy could pave the way for an hiv vaccine . the antibody was designed by researchers to block the key viral protein receptor that is needed to infect human blood cells . as a result patients injected with the neutralising antibody during the trials saw a 300-fold reduction in their viral load .
clydesdale and yorkshire banks are part of the same group and owned by national australia bank , with around three million customers and just under 300 branches . rogue staff misled the financial ombudsman -- deliberately obstructing its investigation into payment protection insurance complaints . they deleted records and tampered with evidence to make it look like the customer was never sold ppi , or they lied about not being able to trace documents .
brian and joan ogden had been out to eat and were on their way back into the hotel don pancho when the organised pair collaborated to take a wallet . cctv footage from the hotel shows the thief handing the wallet to her accomplice after taking it from one of the thieves .
vlad tarasov could n't resist filming himself ski down the slopes at boston 's largest snow farm located in the city 's seaport district . the one-minute video gives a first-person perspective of pushing through the filthy , trash-filled ice pile that served as a dumping ground for the snow . the city had to pay volunteers $ 30 an hour to help dig out the battered city .
baltimore police used a device called hailstorm , which can identify phones from a 360-degree antenna from about a city block away . the case resembles the original plot of hbo 's hit series the wire , the crime drama based in the same city , which featured electronic surveillance of drug dealers .
roman abramovich has bought tel aviv 's varsano hotel for # 17.1 m . covering 1,500 square metres , the hotel complex is listed as a preserved building . it consists of a main building with a large lobby , dining room and two studio suites , and six more bedrooms in three separate villas surrounded by gardens .
deputy pm said there was a ` very real danger ' that ukip and northern ireland 's dup could hold mr cameron to ` ransom ' . mr farage held out an olive branch to the prime minister last night . he said he wanted to work with him to prevent a possible labour government .
judy and jerry sheindlin have been married for 38 years . the couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year . judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home , she does n't keep any of the in the bedroom . her salty husband and fellow judge jerry chimed in to dispute her claim .
new york mayor bill de blasio says he wants to see an outlined vision of where hillary clinton plans to go before giving up an endorsement for her presidential campaign . ' i think she is one of the most qualified people to ever run for this office , ' he told nbc 's meet the press about an possible endorsement for clinton . ' -lsb- a plan -rsb- has to include the willingness to tax the wealthy so we can invest in education again , '
kite , dubbed ` centipede with a dragon 's head ' , was set to fly at the wulong international kite festival last saturday in chongqing in south-western china . the kite weighs 200 kilograms and requires three experienced kite flyers to manoeuvre . chinese aviation authorities ruled that the dragon-themed kite - which is made from 2,000 separate pieces and weighs a whopping 200 kilograms .
jemima kirke , 29 , made the admission in a newly-released psa for the center of reproductive rights , an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom . in the video , she says she needed her boyfriend 's help to pay for the procedure , and even then she could not afford anesthesia . while she was able to easily access the local clinic in providence , rhode island , where she went to school . jemima says that it 's obstacles like raising a happy
jondrew megil lachaux , 39 , an ex-convict and kellie cherie phillips , 38 , have been arrested on felony charges in the alleged abandonment case of three children in a north las vegas home . the unidentified teenager is a victim and was released on monday from juvenile detention into the custody of county child protective services . the four-month-old child was released from a hospital and turned over to the clark county district attorney steve wolfson
fbi director james comey has caused huge offense to a key u.s. ally by using language that suggested that poland was an accomplice in the holocaust . poles are waiting to see if comey would issue an apology -- something that had n't happened by late monday . polish foreign minister grzegorz schetyna said he expected him to say sorry so the matter can be settled .
izaak gillen of oregon city was taken to randall children 's hospital on april 6 with the injury and was pronounced dead the next day . detectives began investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident and concluded he was at the babysitter 's house when he sustained a skull fracture . no arrests have been made and investigators are still looking into what led up to izaak 's injury .
researchers studied 40 million posts by 1.7 millions users on news site cnn.com . they divided users into those most likely to be banned , called future-banned users -lrb- fbus -rrb- . trolls are more likely to veer off-topic and have fewer similarities in terms of language and content compared to posts by other users .
dr sahar hussain , 53 , panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at leicester square station . she denied assaulting the two workers , saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central london because she is a muslim woman . she could face disciplinary action from the general medical council .
banaunce cottage in dormans park near east grinstead has been lovingly upheld to how its first owners intended it . the unique property is one of the first ever bungalows built in the country . it has gone on the market for # 985,000 , with historians eager to put it forward for listing to further protect its heritage .
dutch and malaysian investigators examine debris at the mh17 crash site . 16 containers of fragments of the plane were filled so far this week . investigators searched for body parts and debris at a location that was previously considered unsafe . relatives of mabel anthonysamy soosai , 45 , whose husband and son were also killed , called for urgent action to clear the site .
emma dickson , 31 , thought she would be planning her wedding to fiance dougie , 26 . but she ended up talking to him about her funeral when she was rushed to hospital and told she had developed blood clots which had moved to her lungs . mrs dickson developed the clot as a result of taking the contraceptive pill . she will now have to take blood-thinning medication for the rest of her life .
irishman barry lyttle put his brother in a coma with a single punch . patrick lyttle was pushed by his brother , patrick , during a sentence hearing on wednesday . security footage was shown for the first time , revealing the details of the distressing altercation outside hugo 's lounge in sydney 's potts point . barry has been charged with grievous bodily harm and has pleaded guilty to the charge .
geologist dr danny hilman believes that a site in west java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago . the megalithic site of gunung padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in indonesia . it is nestled among volcanoes , banana palms and tea plantations , at 2,903 ft -lrb- 885 metres -rrb- above sea level some 75 miles
immerse virtual reality headset is available from firebox for # 29.95 -lrb- $ 45 -rrb- . it works with any android and ios phone that can run virtual reality apps from the respective stores , and will play any 3d movie . immerse calls itself an affordable alternative to rivals such as oculus rift , which is expected to launch a consumer version soon .
the homeless period project shines a spotlight on the plight of homeless women living on the streets who do n't have access to proper sanitary care . the team behind the campaign , oliver frost , josie shedden and sara bakhaty , wrote hard-hitting messages on cardboard boxes and photographed them . the trio told femail that they began the campaign as a way of drawing attention to the amount of women who live on streets .
clark elmore 's conviction for killing and raping his 14-year-old stepdaughter in washington in 1995 was upheld . the 9th us circuit court of appeals confirmed the washington supreme court 's decision was correct . elmore claimed his rights were violated because his attorney gave him bad advice and the jury saw him in shackles .
in an interview with npr , obama said likely republican presidential candidate scott walker may change his ` foolish ' position on a deal with iran . walker fired back at obama on twitter , saying ` americans would be better served by a president who spent more time working with governors & congress rather than attacking them ' . the president 's jab at walker departed from the white house 's general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the sitting president .
sheldon nadelman , 80 , who worked at the bar from 1973 to 1982 , would meet and photograph the women as they came in at eight in the morning . terminal bar , which was located on the block now occupied by the new york times headquarters , saw an combination of people floating around the port authority bus terminal .
ashya king was being treated in southampton when his parents took him . they ignored medical advice and took him to prague for proton beam therapy . after fleeing the uk , the kings were arrested in spain and spent several nights in custody after an international arrest warrant was issued against them .
the intrepid divers from san diego , california , have made it their life mission to travel the world to take snaps with everything from turtles , puffer fish to sting rays . while selfie sticks may be recent fad , divers margo sanchez and stephanie adamson have been snapping photos of marine animals for the best part of a decade .
more than half -lrb- 58 per cent -rrb- of countries surveyed said they had the most restful sleep on this day . other countries that wake-up grumpy on tuesdays include singapore , spain , switzerland , south africa and brazil . the best sleep quality worldwide occurs on a wednesday night .
the volkswagen westfalia camper ceased production in 2003 . while vw has rolled out two concept ` microbuses ' in recent years , neither have the charm or iconic good looks of its original . dr heinz-jakob neusser suggested that battery packs would be hidden under the vehicle 's floor and a small electric motor will drive its front wheels .
andrew danziger claimed that virtually all airmen believe in unidentified flying objects and that he had his own close encounter in the cockpit between kansas and iowa . the aviator , who has 28 years of cockpit experience , said the ufo initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a ` giant red ball ' .
charlotte bevan was able to walk out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms . four days after the birth , the 30-year-old walked out without shoes . police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near clifton suspension bridge .
brad reynolds is tripadvisor 's most active user with 66,000 contributions . the 38-year-old gave a five-star review of ` amazing ' pushkar , india . originally from edmond , oklahoma , brad and his wife , jill , are avid travellers .
aaron hernandez , 25 , is accused of killing daniel abreu , 29 , and safirdo furtado , 28 , in july 2012 after a nightclub altercation over a spilled drink . a jury panel in fall river , massachusetts , spent 36 hours deliberating his fate before returning a guilty verdict . a first-degree murder conviction in massachusetts automatically triggers an appeal to the supreme judicial court .
stacey eden , 23 , made a bold stand in defence of a muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a sydney train on wednesday afternoon . ms eden switched on the video camera to record the vile rant before rushing to muslims defence with a fiery spray notably absent any swearing . a police spokeswoman contacted daily mail australia on thursday to say they would ` definitely encourage ' witnesses of the incident to come forward .
the groom 's brother was caught on camera as he lost control of a kalashnikov while firing a celebratory round into the air . firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of saudi arabia . despite government efforts to stop it , the dangerous practice lingers on .
ayatollah hossein dehnavi made the speech to a packed auditorium of men and women in his home country . he warned that if women did not wear the hijab , the veil covering the hair and chest - properly , they could inadvertently cause some men to become homosexual . homosexuality is punishable by death in the state .
linda macdonald , 55 , was arrested on monday for drunk driving and decided to stick out her tongue when she was brought to vermont state police barracks for booking . police say the woman from shelburne , massachusetts was driving drunk around 10:30 pm when she ran off route 5 in dummerston , vermont and crashed her toyota camry into a wooden fence . at the scene , macdonald told responding officers that she crashed while talking on the phone and trying to take
kim kardashian 's last-minute baskets for toddler north west to myleene klass ' bunny-themed egg hunt . the stars took to instagram to show how they celebrated easter . kim appeared to be filling four baskets with plenty of treats including chocolate bunnies , peeps marshmallows and jelly belly jellybeans .
health minister jillian skinner has slammed celebrity chef pete evans for promoting fluoride-free water . ms skinner said she was ` highly disappointed ' to see the my kitchen rules judge use his power as a high profile media personality . evans threw his weight behind an anti-fluoride campaign where he proudly wore a ` fluoride free wa ' t-shirt on facebook .
sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . he did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24 . mr besim is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an ` isis inspired ' attack on an anzac day ceremony .
christopher bailey 's new beverley hills flagship opened in november . over 700 guests , including superstars cara delevingne , suki waterhouse , mila kunis , elton john , rosie huntington-whiteley , anna wintour and the entire beckham brood turned out to support their pal christopher at the london event .
madeline luciano is said to have looked on as eighth grade pupils at ps 18 . she wrote words like ` ugly ' and ` phony ' on the board to describe their classmate . but the 40-year-old has now launched court action against the city 's education department as she attempts to get her licence back .
researchers at the national museum of natural history in paris say the apes are having to adapt to cope with increasingly busy roads cutting across their territory . they found at a busy asphalted road through the sebitoli area of kibale national park in uganda , the chimps have learned to look both ways before crossing .
gwyneth paltrow , 42 , and chris martin , 38 , are said to have finalized their divorce . sources tell the site the divorce was amicable . they have been using their business managers to work out a settlement agreement involving both property and custody . a judge should be signing off the divorce shortly , it was added .
mariel hemingway , 53 , was just 16 years old when she starred as woody allen 's teenage girlfriend in the controversial romantic-comedy ` manhattan ' . despite her grandfather 's success , there was a dark side to her last name , which the now 53-year-old has recounted in two new novels , released tuesday . mariel describes overcoming the legacy of mental illness , addiction and suicide in her family .
rosdeep adekoya beat mikaeel kular to death in january last year . his mother , rosdeep , beat him to death before stuffing his body in suitcase . social and health service workers visited family a number of times over two years . but a review into whether the social care teams should have foreseen the circumstances of his death has concluded it ` could not have been predicted ' .
us department of the treasury officials insist the $ 20 double eagles were stolen from the us mint in philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down . they argued that joan langbord and her sons can not lawfully own the coins , which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003 . a jury in 2012 sided with the government over his coin holdings .
dashce taskin , 26 , was killed after the luxury sports car swerved across a highway in the north-western turkish city of istanbul . witnesses said it was a ` miracle ' that friend adem kilic , 31 , who is in a critical condition in hospital , survived the horror crash . suddenly the driver , who onlookers said had been going far too fast , appeared to lose control .
laura wells has found international success as a size 14 model . the model believed this was not healthy and also took a toll on their mental health as well . wells was spotted by talent scouts in new york city in 2005 . she said she felt insulted the first time she was asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term .
shadow chancellor said he would not allow nicola sturgeon 's party to dictate a deal at england 's expense . mr balls told wolverhampton 's express : ` on the snp point , there is absolutely no possibility of any vote being put to parliament or any budget measure in a labour budget ' .
in all , 1,601 children aged 10 to 11 and 9,055 children aged 11 to 16 were quizzed about their use of e-cigarettes . this suggests young people are not using the electronic alternatives to try and quit their habits - nor are they getting hooked on them after initially trying them . researchers examined data from two nationally representative surveys of primary and secondary schoolchildren from more than 150 schools across wales .
steve miller has devised a five-point plan he is convinced will help tackle britain 's obesity crisis . the former fat families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population . he claims that these interventions could save the country and the nhs millions .
flir systems inc. has agreed to pay $ 9.5 million to settle bribery charges filed by the securities and exchange commission . the company also arranged travel for saudi officials , including a 20-night trip with stops in beirut , casablanca , dubai , new york and paris .
san francisco police chief greg suhr has asked a police oversight committee to approve firing the officers . he called the texts ` despicable ' and says those who sent them ` clearly fall below the minimum standards required to be a police officer ' . six others will face disciplinary actions that include reassignment to positions that do n't have contact with the public .
camilla 's late-spring honey is made from ` delicately perfumed nectar with subtle hints of chamomile ' . billed as ` the ideal accompaniment to ice cream on hot summer days , or for sweetening tea ' . sales of high-end versions are up by 45 per cent at selfridges since last year .
denver broncos cornerback aqib talib and his brother yaqub are being investigated for aggravated assault . talib was in trouble before and was wanted on charges of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon in 2011 . the talibs left the area in a range rover and a jaguar and went to the xtc cabaret .
the state-funded school in fulham , west london , was ordered to revise its admissions policy last year after the watchdog decided it was biased against working-class and non-catholic children . watchdog accused the school of cherry-picking privileged white children using its strict faith-based entry requirements .
kestutis martuzevicius , 52 , is wanted for 22 crimes in lithuania . he spun out legal battle for nearly five years by insisting he was mentally ill . by june his condition had improved and he was returned to prison . he is accused of 22 crimes including two murders , robbery and extortion .
woman , 84 , thought to have been helping husband park when car accelerated into her , resulting in a serious head injury . she also suffered injuries to her throat and legs , as well as various broken bones , and one onlooker said the woman was ` covered in blood ' . police want to speak to her once she is out of the coma .
prasanna ` nick ' arulchelvam ran and jumped through an open side door . but was pushed out and hit the ground as the vehicle sped away . a customer in the costco car park reported hearing a ` nasty crunch ' . mr prasanna had just finished his purchases when he returned to his van .
a clutch of sausages stuffed with poisons were found on the cuckoo trail . they were so densely packed with the poison that eating just one could have killed a dog . dog owners are now being warned to be aware when they are out walking their animals . the grim discovery comes after a spate of dog poisonings in brighton and hove .
local police chief terry rozema spoke out on wednesday to defend his officer and argue that deadly force was necessary . video of the february 19 incident emerged on tuesday and shows a cop car running into a suspect walking down a street in marana , northwest of tucon , with a rifle . the footage has further stirred debate about the type of force it is appropiate for police to use .
darlene feliciano , a manager at a honolulu walmart , was out on the makapuu ` tom-tom ' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway with a male friend when she slipped and fell . firefighters received a distress call at around 12.45 pm friday . about 40 minutes later , first responders discovered the 27-year-old unresponsive about 500 feet below a hole in the trail known locally as the puka .
the randolph , in oxford city centre , went up in flames this afternoon . smoke billowing from the roof as dozens of firefighters battled to bring the inferno under control . the extent of the damage to the grade ii listed victorian building remains unclear . aerial pictures of the scene showed gaps in the roof and exposed beams .
eurocamp 's safari tents are more luxurious than an average stay under canvas . l'ardéchoise is a quiet , well-established , family friendly site nestled on the banks of the picturesque ardeche river . it 's known as the gastronomic centre of france .
the federal court slammed coles with a $ 2.5 million fine . it was slammed with a three-year ban to no longer promote its bread as baked on the day it is sold or made from fresh dough . the falsified fresh bread has generated a revenue of about $ 300 million over three years .
carwyn scott-howell , seven , fell to his death while on holiday with his mother . it is thought he may have entered the dense woodland because he thought it was a shortcut to his hotel in flaine . carwyn would help feed cows and pigs on the farm which has won prizes for its speciality sausages .
depraved militants fighting for the islamic state in iraq have beheaded four men accused of theft before displaying their bodies on railings in a town square . the savage punishment is a significantly more extreme than isis ' usual punishment for theft - which typically sees the accused having their right hand hacked-off .
the 2015 australian fashion report assessed the labour rights management systems of 59 companies and 219 brands operating in australia . amongst the best performers were etiko , audrey blue , cotton on , h&m and zara . none of the 59 companies could prove the workers at their raw material suppliers were paid a living wage .
authorities said initial tests suggested there had been no leaks from the plant 's three tanks of burning hydrocarbon liquids . hundreds of residents were evacuated from their homes in the surrounding area after the blast on monday night . the plant manufactures paraxylene , or px , a chemical used for producing fibers and plastics .
the details of where and how the west-sussex born model and mistress of rossetti died remained a mystery for years until her biographer recently tracked her down through hospital records . they revealed the orange-haired beauty - whose face graced many of her lover 's paintings - died in the sussex county asylum in poverty and suffering from clear symptoms of dementia .
the disused rhondda tunnel , which runs 1,000 feet beneath the welsh hills , was closed as part of the beeching cutbacks . but engineers are due to visit the 3,148 m tunnel next week to see whether it is safe to use as a cycle route . it would be one of the longest cycle tunnels in the world , second only to the 4,000 m snoqualmie tunnel near seattle in the u.s.
amjad yaaqub , 16 , said he stumbled on the barbaric scene shortly after the terrorists beat him unconscious when they burst into his family home . the schoolboy said the isis fighters were looking for his brother , who is a member of the palestinian rebel group who ran and defended the camp for several years before isis carried out a bloody assault . his story was revealed as refugees in yarmouk spoke of the daily atrocities they have witnessed since isis seized control of 90 per
video captured by william bird while out with his seven-year-old stepson alex . as the second jet disappeared from view the video camera was knocked sideways . mr bird , who runs an aerial photography business in inverurie , aberdeenshire , captured the video on tuesday .
scott keyes , a 28-year-old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights . along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in europe and south and north america while enjoying first class service . dayton , ohio - dallas , fort worth - mexico city - port of spain , trinidad - 1234 miles .
jamie silvonek , 14 , is accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed must remain in adult jail . her boyfriend , caleb barnes , 20 , who is from el paso , texas , is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . the teen 's body was found with stab wounds in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of philadelphia , and her vehicle partially submerged in a pond a few miles from the family home .
neil patrick harris and david burtka 's twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds . son gideon eats everything that is put in front of him , said david , but favors clams , sushi , octopus , grilled pork , steak , parmesan cheese , coconut , and cinnamon .
samantha simmonds , 42 , is married to phillip davies , the owner of online auction business flogit4u , and the couple have a daughter aged two and six . she said the break turned into a string of tantrums and bickering . miss simmonds said she took some time off work to spend with her children .
in 1995 , there were more than 154 million migrants who left their home country and moved to another for various reasons . in comparison , that number had risen to 231 million globally by 2013 , according to the international migrant stock trends data . great britain and northern ireland are among the nations which have a high number of immigrants , with more than 7.8 million recorded .
cecil hamilton-miller , from kensington , london , was responsible for the convictions of 31 concentration camp guards in 1945 . he struggled to talk to about the horrors he witnessed during the holocaust or the role he played after the liberation of belsen , his family said today .
jayson mcdonald was found hiding under a bed in amsterdam in the netherlands , while paul monk was captured at his luxury villa in alicante . they were arrested as part of operation captura , a drive launched in 2006 by the national crime agency , crimestoppers and spanish authorities . mcdonald , 54 , from romford in essex was overseeing workmen laying a marble patio around his swimming pool .
elijah mccrae died in his mother 's arms on monday evening . his heartbroken parents , jessica andrew , remembered the ` happiest baby ever ' . they created a 30-item ` bucket list ' for their terminally ill son . elijah 's parents shared a picture of elijah in his hospital bed .
joseph o'riordan , 73 , stabbed wife amanda eight times after he discovered she had been having an affair with a postman . she was left with life-threatening injuries to her torso , chest , arms and back . yesterday it emerged it emerged that four months later she wrote to his wife from jail asking her to ` get my things together ' .
prime minister appeared weary with bags under his eyes and disheveled hair . he has also had to wade into a number of arguments , defending outspoken ministers , and even got into a muddle over cream teas . mr cameron was also dealt a blow as ed miliband overtook him as the most popular political leader for the first time .
meter maids were the brainchild of gold coast developer bernie elsey who introduced the initiative to stave off the bad publicity associated with the newly installed parking meters . local business owners say the group is no longer performing a public service as advancements in parking meter technology mean expiry times are not displayed .
gen. singh found himself in the thick of a controversy over an unsavoury remark made against the media . the former army chief is currently staying in djibouti for over a week spearheading operation rahat . the comment evoked sharp reactions , with the opposition demanding an apology from the union minister .
zoe hadley , 19 , was found dead at a hotel in putney , south west london . she had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 . her parents , solicitor lisa hommel and her gp father laurence , struggled to treat her condition . she insisted on having a series of operations , including the removal of her healthy appendix and accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation to make her believe she 'd had a surgery for a prolapse .
jacob phillips , 23 , was found dead at the end of the disused northern promenade , a rocky area at the base of the cliff . the university graduate had been out drinking in cardiff before catching a taxi with friends padraig crowley and rory robinson .
gail o'rorke has pleaded not guilty to helping bernadette forde commit suicide in june 2011 . the 51-year-old was found dead in her wheelchair in the sitting room of her home in dublin on june 6 , 2011 . in the first trial of its kind in ireland , she has been charged with helping her to kill herself .
tesla model s p85d 's ` insane mode ' may be fast , but a new electric car by drive eo is set to be even faster . the stomach-churning vehicle , dubbed eo pp03 , runs on 50 kwh lithium-ion battery pack driving six yasa-400 electric motors . it is capable of producing 1020 kw and speeds of up to 160 mph -lrb- 260 km/h -rrb- on the model s. drive
boeing 's roomier ` space bins ' can hold two more bags than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s . its 737-800 or 737 max 8 planes will hold 174 -lrb- compared to 118 -rrb- and the 737 max 7 planes will be able to hold 194 bags in the cabin .
leanne bourne , a mother-of-four from romford , began to suspect that her partner steve was having an affair . but in a twist that she could never have foreseen , she turned out to be her younger sister larissa knipe . now , three years after the affair , ms bourne says she is still struggling to come to terms with what happens .
daisy goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19 . she says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then . she has had nits at least 100 times and has no other body-borne parasites . but she says her scalp is el dorado for lice .
shoshana hebshi , of sylvania , ohio , was strip-searched at a detroit-area airport on sept. 11 , 2011 . armed agents forced her from a plane at detroit metropolitan airport , made her undress during a search and held her for hours . frontier airlines , the transportation security administration and wayne county airport authority were named in the federal lawsuit .
peter reece , his fiancee , mother and six-month-old daughter were parked on an ocean shores , washington , beach on thursday when their tires got stuck in the sand . the wheels of the car sunk into the wet sand and the family was unable to drive away , according to kxro . the car was recovered shortly after the incident and a bulldozer was used to flip it out to sea .
kate , 39 , was a vision in blue at a london film premiere this week . her stunning body-con dress had clearly been made to measure by stella mccartney . but she commands an out-of-the-ordinary uk size-nine shoe . the average shoe size in the uk has risen from a dainty 4 1/2 in 1900 to a roomy six today .
isis supporters on social media appear to be exasperated by the apparent leaking of information and discussions of the defeat at tikrit . specific details like the manufacturing of new weapons and any pictures of isis fighters have been deemed by isis as a breach of online security . some of the rules appears to come after a series of calamitous social media errors by some fighters .
actress kate hudson , now 36 , looks the same as when she was a young 20-something . she has starred in a number of hit films including how to lose a guy in 10 days . pharrell williams has hardly aged a day in the 12 years but since 2003 has won a whopping 11 grammys .
oxford dominated cambridge in a historic boat race as both men and women competed on the same course for the first time . female crews representing oxford and cambridge universities rowed the same stretch of the river thames in london . president constantine louloudis claimed a fourth and final boat race victory for the dark blues .
tibor racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle , north of sydney , on sunday night when they were attacked . one 15-year-old boy was charged with assault occasioning actual bodily harm and affray . the charges come after shocking footage emerged of the moment a father and his daughter were bashed and robbed by a gang of 25 teenagers outside a shopping centre .
the modern-day martin burgess clock b is based on john harrison 's 18th century clock . he thought up to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea . it has been part of a 100-day trial at the royal observatory , in greenwich . but it quickly became apparent the trial would be a success .
philip and victoria sherlock have been living out of their car for three months . their loss of income saw victoria take on more hours as a shop assistant . but the desperate couple then had their benefits cut . philip was given a lifeline by local businessman jasen jackiw .
nicola sturgeon uses article in scottish mail on sunday to claim she can help ` lead the uk ' . it will be the first time the snp has ever set out policies designed for other parts of uk -- even though people in england , wales and northern ireland can not vote for them .
phillip and gaby had used all their savings to buy the property five years before for # 325,000 . they left phillip , his wife gaby and their two young children , orion and aurielle , in an unsafe building with no roof while they ran off with # 17,000 of their money . the family were forced to live in one room as they could n't afford to get the problems fixed straight away .
aaron hernandez was a key part of the new england patriots offense , played in the super bowl and had signed a massive five-year contract extension . he had a baby girl , a beautiful fiancee and an expansive $ 1.5 million mansion in the boston suburbs . even before the murder of odin lloyd in june 2013 - a crime for which he will now spend the rest of his life in prison .
jack cordero , 14 , from portland , oregon , vomited all over the floor of a powell 's bookstore in the city in march . the manager said the mess was ` gigantic in diameter ' and had to clean it up , along with her assistant manager . however , her spirits were raised when she received a handwritten apology about the vomit from the boy responsible .
nyia parler , 41 , was taken into custody by authorities in montgomery county , maryland overnight saturday on charges including aggravated assault , simple assault and neglect of a care-dependent person . parler 's son , who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy , was found on friday night lying beneath a rain-soaked blanket and a pile of leaves on the ground . he 'd allegedly been left there by his mother five days earlier .
amanda chatel explained in her essay for your tango that adoption of the ` yes means yes ' law , which defines consent as ` affirmative , conscious , and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity ' from each partner . the legislation declares that all colleges and universities taking financial aid from california must adhere to the standard for consent outlined by the law .
wendy wei wu is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with slipper island . the 2.7 km long , 1.8 km wide landmass is a 15 minute ferry ride from north island . it boasts two airstrips and six houses , all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views .
stacey johnson , 22 , was diagnosed with an inoperable tumour in 2007 . her sister , dannii , 20 , helped her mother care for her throughout her years . stacey was told her brain tumour had grown when she was dealt another blow - her sister also had a tumour . she had been feeling ill and had suffered headaches , so had gone to her doctor who referred her for tests that confirmed there was a growth in her brain . in december 2014 , st
clarence david moore , 66 , has been on the run from the law for more than four decades , until monday afternoon when he called the franklin county sheriff 's office in kentucky . sheriff pat melton says moore was at the former polk youth institute in butner , north carolina , serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny . at 4pm monday , nearly 43 years after moore 's escape , he finally emerged from the
tns survey shows snp has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month . 52 per cent now backing ms sturgeon with only 24 per cent of scots planning to vote for mr miliband . support for ukip in scotland is ` almost negligible ' , tns said .
around 16 million tourists visit florence every year , visiting historical sights such as the duomo . the last ten years have seen a steep incline in the amount of visitors to the city . as many as 100,000 native florentines have left the city to escape traffic and high property prices .
christine davidson , from adelaide , south australia , was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in 2001 . four days before she died , her husband ronny and their two daughters symantha , 40 , and kelly , 38 , noticed her ring was missing from her finger . the family has launched a desperate online appeal to have their mother 's ring returned .
president barack obama became the first president to visit jamaica since president ronald reagan in 1982on . prime minister simpson miller told president obama the citizens of her country loved him , and she loved him as well . jamaican sprinters usain bolt and shelly-ann fraser-pryce watched obama as he spoke at a town hall .
patrick morrison , from mesa , first raped his niece sabrina morrison in march 2007 and after she told a teacher the following day , authorities performed a rape kit on her . even though the kit showed traces of semen , the sheriff 's deputies did not collect a blood sample from patrick morrison - and left him walking the streets . for the next four years , morrison continued to rape his niece and even got her pregnant in 2009 . because of physical complications , the baby was aborted
trevor noah has moved on to become a us tv star , and he left behind a stunning south african physiotherapist to pursue his american dream . the comedian quickly became smitten with the beautiful brunette and took her around the world to be by his side while on tour . but following behind-the-scenes talks earlier this year with comedy central -- the producers of the daily show -- it was clear noah 's career was about to explode .
lily sharp took a joke too far after convincing her mother she had been kidnapped . she began by texting her mother a seemingly innocent message : ` you did n't tell me the decorator man was coming mate ! ' . lily then plays on her mother 's fears by pretending that the intruder now has possession of the phone .
jill scott was red-carded for an apparent headbutt on arsenal defender jade bailey on sunday . the 28-year-old was shown a straight red card during the second half of the women 's super league clash at the city football academy . city manager nick cushing described scott 's actions as ` out of character ' .
adrian schaffner is initially featured ascending the mountain on a button lift . the dog named sintha appears to be entirely at ease as it sits across its owners shoulders . after a long ski to the bottom , the dog jumps from his shoulders and onto the ground . the video concludes with the dog -- who obviously loves snow -- chasing after some more skiers as they make their way down another section of mountain .
vin los , 24 , gained notoriety last year for his tattoo-covered visage and his dreams of becoming the most famous man in the world . despite facing heavy criticism about his unique ink , vin insisted that the sharpie-like tattoos on his face , neck , chest , and arms 'em body pop culture ' , create ' a myth , a mystery ' .
sarah watson , 34 , had a brief liaison with manchester united defender . but the fling turned into a nightmare after she found herself falsely accused of trying to extort # 100,000 from the footballer . ms watson is seen using a driving licence to cut up lines of the unknown white powder on the glass table .
former olympic swimmer eamon sullivan and girlfriend naomi bass recently got engaged on a trip to japan . the couple were holidaying in japan and were out for a walk one evening when bass mentioned how the beautiful setting would be perfect for a proposal . bass , 28 , told woman 's day she was so overwhelmed that she just ` kept laughing and crying ' and had to calm herself down .
paul simon topped the uk albums chart for the first time in 25 years . his album outsold those by the likes of ed sheeran , james bay and sam smith . simon 's recent tour with sting is believed to have been the catalyst in helping to propel him to the top of the charts .
easter is over for the wild rabbits of greater sydney as councils and parks prepare another attempt to kill them off with strategically placed carrots . feral rabbits , which are deemed a pest in nsw , are liekly to br targeted with the calicivirus , also known as rabbit haemorrhagic disease -lrb- rhd -rrb- . while rabbits under one year old have a higher chance of surviving , about 70-100 per cent of rabbits die once infected
guy martin wrote a review of the vanquish carbon edition supercar . the 33-year-old wrote of how he pressed the accelerator ` flat to the floor ' . he saw the speedometer reach 180mph as he entered the village of sulby . mr martin is facing a police probe after boasting he drove an aston martin .
officers ryan nielson and autumn soto managed to get hector valles , 25 , out of his suv and stamp out his burning clothes . moments later , the fire in mesquite , texas erupted ever further , fully engulfing the interior . the level-headed officers tell him ` relax dude , ' and ` c'mon man ' before realizing he 's out cold .
the extravagant device is made with 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum . one version of the extravagant watch is also adorned with a one carat diamond . the watches are the latest expensive gift from luxury electronics firm goldgenie . in australia , the most expensive model costs up to # 2,500 more in the uk .
bryan stow was left severely brain damaged after two men attacked him on his way to the car park following a game . the father-of-two was left in a medically induced coma for several months while medics waited for the swelling in his brain to subside . mr stow worked as a paramedic for the san jose giants , who are the giants ' farm team .
johanna powell , 37 , was sailing on a traditional wooden cruise boat along the mekong river in laos with three friends . rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the river to try and find her , in one of the most isolated parts of the country . the foreign and commonwealth office -lrb- fco -rrb- confirmed a body has been found , but it has not yet been identified .
the poets house is a swish new hotel in ely , a three-minute walk from the cathedral , offering terrific value . poets house incorporates 21 rooms , all with copper standalone baths placed near luxurious double beds . there are mirrors everywhere with poetry written on them , such as lines from kipling : ` since my house to thy house no greater can send than thy house ' .
judy murray , 55 , has had a makeover since her appearance on strictly come dancing last year . she could be outshone by leonore sears , 53 , who has long been admired on the tennis circuit by gentlemen of a certain vintage . one charity shop has displayed mannequins of the bride and groom , while many are calling it scotland 's royal wedding .
the price at sainsbury 's has risen from # 1 to # 1.50 over the past year . however , it has no say over whether this was passed on to customers . this is the latest evidence of how the nation 's favourite brands and supermarkets are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices .
ed miliband pledged to crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers . he said he was right about some migrants being exploited but insisted it was not the main issue . nigel farage and tory immigration minister james brokenshire dismissed mr miliband 's ideas . he insisted there was an ` epidemic of exploitation ' .
the flagship sydney store had thousands camp out in the lead up to its opening in 2012 . it will host four full days of shopper specials including guest appearances , opening offers , complimentary stylists and giveaways . the brand also promises to deliver over 180 new styles straight from london each week .
jerry tarkanian , five , suffered a stroke at about 4am on friday . his parents said young jerry complained of pain in his legs and was taken to university medical center of southern nevada in las vegas at 4am . the family said the boy has never had health issues and is conscious and moving around better since the stroke .
heather mack , 19 , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , 62-year-old socialite sheila von wiese-mack , whose body was then stuffed inside a suitcase . indonesia 's justice and human rights minister called in unexpectedly at kerobokan prison to visit the teen .
a 16-year-old who was born a girl but identifies as a boy has been granted the opportunity to go through male puberty after years of living in misery . judge michael kent was told the teen had considered suicide and gone to extreme lengths such as binding his chest by wearing tight bras and starving himself . the teen has worn a boy 's uniform for two years and most of his friends are male . currently a child wishing to change gender has to apply to the family court for this second
tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland 's speed-camera laws . mr morris says he was n't driving when his volvo was photographed doing 57km/h zone last year . but he wo n't say who was behind the wheel . he argues the spousal privilege principle , established in england 200 years ago , means a husband ca n't be compelled to provide information that incriminates his wife .
orrden williams jr. says he was outside a bp gas station in memphis , tennessee , when a crowd of loud and unruly teenagers suddenly descended upon the establishment . the teens tried to break in , seemingly ready to attack again , and on wednesday police made their first arrest .
wiley bridgeman , 60 , and kwame ajamu , 57 , were sent to death row after aggravated murder convictions in the slaying of cleveland money order salesman harry franks . last year , the three men were exonerated after the case against them fell apart when the prosecution 's key witness edward vernon -- a 12-year-old boy at the time of the killing -- recanted his testimony as an adult . jackson , 58 , was awarded more
the stylish cook , 35 , posed at a feast fit for only the classiest cat . included bowls brimming with caviar and salmon roe , jellied fish heads , a seafood sculpture made of octopus , lobster and prawns . tv chef gizzi erskine seen baring her back tattoo with pet cat kimchi .
student jin pai , 35 , was standing on the rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport in the city of eastern china 's anhui province . he was caught out when the porcelain toilet then tipped over and shattered on the floor , cutting the man in several places . he had been too embarrassed to shout for help and had hoped they would assist but he was too badly hurt for anything other than an immediate trip to hospital .
kazi islam , 18 , sent texts to harry thomas , 19 , praising lee rigby 's killers . islam used ` cake ' as code for bomb , but failing to understand his ingenious ruse . mr thomas had confided in islam about a break-up with his girlfriend . she said : ` coming back to islam helped me ' .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park , central victoria at 9.30 am on good friday . the 11-year old was camping in the national forest with his family , and it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . a widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and ses members .
dancing with the stars co-hosts surfaced for the first time after her boyfriend jarret stoll was busted at a pool party at the mgm grand hotel . stoll , 32 , who currently plays with the los angeles kings , was booked for drug possession and released on $ 5,000 bond .
more than 200 friends , family and former patients attended the memorial service for celebrity cosmetic surgeon dr frederic brandt . brandt was found hanged at his home in coral gables , florida , on april 5 . some friends said he had been left ` devastated ' by a character said to have been based on him in the netflix comedy show ` the unbreakable kimmy schmidt ' .
toby perkins , deputy chairman of the labour election campaign , revealed his interns are paid just # 4 per day for 12-hour shifts . the email reveals that alongside their measly wage , interns could expect to be reimbursed for travel , food and accommodation . labour 's 2015 manifesto has sought to champion working-class britons by increasing the minimum wage to # 8 per hour .
dave rickard , 72 , and his wife brenda , 67 , were on holiday in caernarfon . daisy fell 10ft from a quay into the sea , very quickly the strong currents began to pull her under . the retired industrial engineer has now recovered from the ordeal .
researchers have developed a model that combined long-term fisheries data with climate model projections from the met office . they predicted the abundance and distribution of popular fish , such as haddock and plaice , could fall as the north sea warms and this could increase the price of fish and chips . in the past 40 years , fisheries and scientists are studying the impact on so-called commercial species .
peter morris was devastated when his sister , claire , died in a car crash . it took two decades for the truth to be revealed - claire had been murdered by webster so he could cash in on her life insurance . webster had drugged his wife at their home in tarves , scotland , where they had settled after their wedding , before taking her for a drive .
the woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates take on the chicago cubs at pnc park on monday night when she was knocked unconscious . she was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind by the cubs ' starlin castro . the horrifying incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game as emts treated the fan - placing her in a head brace .
kelly rutherford claims her children were illegally deported from the u.s. when a california court awarded custody to her ex-husband daniel giersch , 40 , and she pleaded for the order to be reversed . rutherford 's lawsuit states that rutherford failed to argue why the federal court should intervene in her custody dispute with her children .
natalie swindells , 26 , eats four bowls of the cereal every day . she ca n't face eating much else and has not tasted a vegetable for nearly two decades . the bank worker , who says she has never taken a day off sick , stopped eating most other foods from the age of two . she now believes overeating causes more health problems than having a very restricted diet like her own .
peter kelly , 34 , was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9.45 pm on tuesday as he fished with a friend . the two men were on the minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down . for the next three hours , kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers .
the aggressor is seen on video as he throws and punches the old man along the side of route 95 near baltimore , maryland . the aggressor , driving a toyota , even refused to stop fighting as solis and his friend tried to end the attack , and at one point got in the face of solis ' friend .
images posted on twitter by a member of the anti-isisis campaign group raqqa is being slaughtered silently who risk their lives every day . the pictures are a far cry from the all-conquering image of prosperity that terror group 's slick pr machine would like the world to believe .
the leaders of places with names like molossia , westarctica , vikesland and broslavia are coming together at the anaheim central library for microcon 2015 . these self-proclaimed countries print their own stamps , wave their own flags and mint their own money . many have also created sashes and pendants for their royalty .
logan kehoe , 13 , was having a final dip in the pool at a holiday complex . he died in what spanish police have described as an ` accidental drowning ' . tributes have been paid to the youngster who was a pupil at bishop challoner catholic college in kings heath , birmingham .
ukip leader was out in thanet south today after polls showed he had fallen behind the tories in his campaign to be elected to parliament . mr clegg was in kingston and surbiton to campaign with cabinet colleague ed davey where he met seven months-old elise popperwell .
devinois state associate coach torrey ward , meat processing business owner scott bittner and bar owner terry stralow have been confirmed as among the dead . the party had been at the ncaa championship game between duke and wisconsin in indianapolis . ward posted a picture of an aircraft different to the cessna on twitter with the words ` my ride to the game was n't bad ' .
a historic spacex launch that was set to take off today has been scrubbed due to bad weather . liftoff of the 208ft -lrb- 63 metre -rrb- tall falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33 pm edt/2033gmt from cape canaveral air force station in florida . but poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2 - minute mark .
shona banda , 37 , has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody . possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment . banda is the author of a book ` live free or die : reclaim your life ... reclaim your country ! ' .
the ongoing channel islands heritage festival -lrb- 3 april -rrb- is a five-week hurrah of history , parades , concerts and food that will unite most of the archipelago . st peter port in guernsey is one of the key locations for the heritage festival .
police urge homeowners about ` housebreakers code ' in east kilbride . post features graphic with eight different codes and what they might mean . police keen for anyone who sees suspicious markings to report them . practice of crooks using secret system to identify potential victims has been dubbed the da pinchi code .
tommy connolly , a 23-year-old sunshine coast university student , took in his homeless , pregnant cousin and his helping her raise her four-week-old baby boy . mr connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the gold coast , let her move into his flat , took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy . he says he did n't think twice about helping her .
frances bean cobain has revealed she is n't a huge fan of her late father kurt 's music . saint laurent babies 40 suede boots . buy at net a porter visit site . she 's the daughter of the once ultimate rock power couple , courtney love and kurt cobain .
anil saxena , from mumbai , uses ingenious retouching to create pictures of anything from a woman hanging a zebra 's stripes . he prides himself on his digital manipulation techniques , saying : ` if the image is a success but my work goes unnoticed , i 'm doing my job well ' .
art and photography community boredpanda have created a thread encouraging parents to showcase their ` true nerdy colours ' . dressed as characters ranging across fantasy and sci-fi movies , books , tv shows and comic books . the adorable babies are seen in different scenarios and positions that have clearly been carefully arranged by their parents .
bgt judges simonm cowell , amanda holden and aleesha dixon are all looking forward to finding fresh talent . itv chiefs are expecting bumper audience ratings , but is it really worth signing up ? we look back at some of the biggest names to come out of the programme .
rescuers freed the havana cob called cody after he went for what turned out to be a lengthy dip in a bid to cool off in the warm weather . owner tracey hannant , from bexleyheath , south london , said her horse looked like black beauty when it emerged from the ditch .
officers told police that pastor aracely meza , 49 , and the boy 's parents believed he had a ` demon ' inside of him , and that he was starved for 25 days , being given only water four to five times a day . church member nazareth zurita said the toddler , whose name has not been released , fell and hit his head several times , but she hesitated to help him ` due to his demon possession ' . in the video , meza places oil
scientists say a mercury-like body struck the young earth . the object would have been the heat source for our planet 's core . the same object could have been responsible for creating the moon . it also explains where some rare-earth elements came from . the study was published in the journal nature . our current theory of earth 's formation involves basically more and more asteroids and other objects accumulating into one body .
britain paying professional aid workers up to # 1,000 a day to work in africa and asia as part of a huge push to meet government targets on aid spending . daily rates of between # 800 and # 1000 are commonplace , the times newspaper claimed . revelations will return attention to britain 's growing aid budget .
the man , a garbage truck driver , was collecting bins in footscray early on saturday morning when the truck rolled forward and pinned him against a pole . paramedics tried to revive the man but he died at the scene . another man has died and two others are fighting for their life in hospital .
hatton garden gem heist missed the most crucial cctv footage until it was flagged up by a shocked worker more than one week later . the worker had reportedly contacted 101 - the police non-emergency number - on monday last week believing detectives would already have similar images of the raid . it comes after the force was criticised for ignoring an alarm that went off just after midnight on good friday - four days before the raid was discovered .
juan de nova was blown there by the trade winds in 1502 it assumed an importance out of all proportion to its size . the emperor who had escaped elba was not going to get away so easily from the most isolated place on earth . early next year a # 218m airport will open and make this british overseas territory no longer quite so isolated .
the 10 stores trialling the scheme include blackburn , bolton , preston , bradford , west bromwich , birmingham , leamington spa and three in london . the company , which has over 500 stores around the uk , has chosen the locations according to the make-up of their local communities .
james ward , 31 , was attacked at his home in burnley , lancashire . he also had several fingers partially severed and surgeons were forced to use staples to seal wounds to his head , legs , and back . mr ward is now in hiding and is too afraid to return to his home .
jessica knight suffers from pica , a rare medical disorder that leads to an appetite for non-nutritious substances . the four-year-old has an unusual appetite for furniture , soft furnishings and fittings . she devours include sand and chips of cement from paving blocks . doctors say they are unable to treat her .
bernard whalen 's new book ` the nypd 's first fifty years ' is a tale of kickbacks , mob violence and secret kkk members . some were forward looking , some were practical but more than a fair share were scoundrels , larcenists or at the very least guilty of dereliction of duty .
amanda taylor , 24 , has been charged with first-degree murder after she allegedly stabbed her former father-in-law charles taylor in retaliation for last year 's suicide of her husband . taylor 's suspected partner in crime , 32-year-old sean ball , was found wounded on the blue ridge parkway in north carolina after the woman allegedly tried to kill him . while out on a lam , taylor took to facebook apparently confessing to the deadly stabbing
hollywood is the app from the reality star , which uses her likeness and voice . users have to build a celebrity empire similar to kim 's . the game requires users to create a character , become friends with kim kardashian and then embark on social-climbing adventures .
nearly half of all people who have visited discounters such as 99p stores , poundstretcher , b&m bargains and wilkinsons are middle class . of those 53 per cent are in the top a/b social class , who on average earn more than # 35,000-a-year , a significant increase from the 37 per cent figure a year ago .
a doctor tells daily mail australia that more severe symptoms such as nausea , back or leg pain can be fixed with ibuprofen or a over-the-counter anti-inflammatory . dr lara briden says it 's when pain is abnormal and can lead to sever pain and vomiting that women should go straight to a doctor .
bernie madoff allegedly tried to persuade his drug dealer 's girlfriend to become his mistress . madoff is serving 150 years in prison for carrying out a $ 65 billion ponzi style fraud . he is said to have met eboli at a christmas party in 1997 at the montauk yacht club with his son mark .
eddie ` jock ' mee , 46 , is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes . it is claimed he hold the cousin of his alleged victim ' i hope she is as sweet as she looks ' . but when she asked mee to repeat what he has said she explained how he went quiet and then hung up .
the explosion on a pacific gas & electric co. pipe carrying natural gas happened while an equipment operator and a group of county jail inmates were expanding a road alongside highway 99 . the explosion shot well over 100 feet into the air , witnesses said . the driver of the front-loader was a county public works employee who had been working at the shooting range all day .
dane bowers , 35 , is accused of hitting his ex-fiancee miss wales sophie cahill , 31 . the former another level star will appear in court next month charged with common assault . bowers and bowers got engaged in december 2013 when he popped the question during a sunshine winter break in tenerife .
countryfile presenter said she 'd love to stay where she is for ' a long time ' . but the mother-of-two , who joined the programme in 2011 , said : ` it 's a funny business and the nature of the beast with females is that what you get is not down to you ' .
terry mccarty suffered third-degree burns to 70 % of his body in childhood accident . 29-year-old , from hawthorne , nevada , endured 58 operations as well as cruel taunts from bullies who called him freddy krueger because of the scars on his face , body and arms .
sarah vine says bbc need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a tv presenter to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear . she says the only way my parents could get me to go to sleep was to drive me round the block in their mini cooper . perkins received a barrage of abuse on twitter when her name was mentioned for the role .
douglas murphy , 47 , from brooklyn , new york , brushed his ankle against a bin bag while cleaning up after a children 's picnic . he barely registered it at the time , the scrape almost cost him his right leg . but as they were printing out the paperwork , the antibiotics mr murphy had been given finally began to show signs of working .
peter tait said parents have become ` dervishes ' about their children 's education . he said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child . mr tait warned that while parents naturally wanted the best for their children , such interference could end up hindering their natural development .
the unnamed man , who died from variant creutzfeldt-jakob -lrb- vcjd -rrb- disease in may 2014 , just 18 months after he first showed symptoms , was a naturalized u.s. citizen originally from the middle east . the extreme rarity of the disease , especially in the united states , led the man to be misdiagnosed with psychiatric symptoms before ultimately receiving the death sentence .
the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child will have a lesser effect at the tills . a more modest sales increase of between # 60 and # 70m is predicted , with most of that spent on champagne and cake rather than royal souvenirs . however , the baby is expected to make more of an impact in the long term - especially if the child turns out to be a girl .
peter hiett said staff would put inmates in cell padded with mattresses . 49-year-old worked at feltham young offenders institution for eight years . said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in hounslow , south west london . also said gangs ` turned a blind eye to it ' , leaving staff afraid to visit prison .
british company swan sold its first iron in 1933 . has just released a top-of-the-range steam generator iron for # 279.99 . if you loathe ironing enough to splash out almost # 300 , then swan 's luxury model could be the one for you .
niamh geaney , 26 , from dublin , found her ` twin stranger ' in karen branigan . she has five sisters and a brother , and both girls agree that none of their siblings look anywhere near as similar to them as they do to one another . karen , who is currently in between jobs , has a brother and two sisters .
stephanie scott was a ` favourite teacher ' to many students at leeton high school . she was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years . a week before students are due to return to class , mothers have taken to a community facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their kids .
the magazine 's global fashion director , carine roitfeld , personally chose the 19-year-old model along with jing wen , laura james , anna cleveland , ondria hardin , antonia wilson , kitty hayes , and paige reifler for the spread .
zhao pingan 's mother was in labour when she and her husband were hit by a truck as they travelled on a motorbike to a hospital in xiamen city , in south-eastern china 's fujian province . both parents were killed in the accident , but not before the mother gave birth at the scene last march . pingan was adopted by his uncle zhao yanchao and his grandmother xiao kaixing .
dina nemtsova , 13 , made her debut in a photoshoot with russian fashion label yulia prohorova white zoloto . the young brunette posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design . her mother hopes her new career will help her overcome the death of her father who was shot dead near the kremlin .
anthony barbour , 33 , from liverpool , takes his camera everywhere and his pictures showcase sefton park and one shopping centre in dorset . he uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs and then uses photoshop . mr barbour says he finds photography as an unlikely escape from a recently diagnosed illness .
charlotte puckers up with the fullips device , a sort of suction-thimble . it works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus . this draws blood to the surface of the lips , which swell . a day later the enhancers arrived in a selection of three sizes .
lesley conman and kerry green 's daughters were sent sexualised messages . but police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed . ms conman 's daughter abbie , 12 , was sent a message after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy .
nicola sturgeon is most definitely the most dangerous woman in britain . not because she might well cosy up to ed miliband and keep david cameron out of office , but because she is living proof that women become sexier with age , income and office . her outfit made the male leaders ' dark suits seem as old as their arguments .
ashley jiron , owner of p.b. jams in warr acres , oklahoma , noticed someone had been looking for food in the bins behind her restaurant . she taped a sign to her diner window appealing to the person to come forward , so that she could give them a proper meal - free of charge .
alison saunders 's job as head of crown prosecution service was to make correct legal decisions in difficult cases , not the most popular ones . but she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating establishment cover-ups by deciding that labour peer lord janner should not be charged .
david cameron will launch a multi-billion pound sale of lloyds bank shares if he wins the election . the shares will be offered at a discount of at least 5 per cent on the market rate at the time . it is the latest ` retro ' conservative policy to hark back to the 1980s .
the $ 250 -lrb- # 168 -rrb- device recognises the electronic signature of different devices , such as kettles and washing machines , allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption . neurio feeds information about energy consumption of the devices it 's recognised back to an app , where users can make decisions about how to save power and money .
jeremy clarkson has decided against hosting bbc 's have i got news for you later this month . the tv personality was due to record the show , which he has hosted in the past , on april 23 to be broadcast the following day . the recording would have marked his first appearance for the bbc since being dismissed for hitting top gear producer oisin tymon in a ` fracas ' at a hotel over dinner .
joselyn alejandra niño is believed to have been killed , dismembered and stuffed in a beer cooler just over the mexican border last sunday . she achieved notoriety in january when a picture of her grasping a modified m4 assault rifle began circulating on social media . people urged her to sell the gun and buy another tv while others prayed for her .
former bbc newsreader clare balding has married her partner of 14 years . the 44-year-old returned to the register office where their civil partnership ceremony was held in 2006 . this time they did not have a ceremony at chiswick house , west london , nor did they invite any guests .
virginia roberts is being sued for defamation by high profile us attorney alan dershowitz . mr brunel said that he was ` devastated by the unfounded accusations against him ' and wanted to take revenge . in a statement mr dersitz said that if she repeated her claims she will have perjured herself .
irish tourist barry lyttle pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . the 33-year-old was allegedly struck by his brother , barry , in sydney 's inner-city on january 3 . he was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma . lyttle 's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack . but prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge .
alison saunders , director of public prosecutions , concluded dementia made the 86-year-old unfit to plead . last night , one of the nine victims who had been lined up to give evidence against the former leicester west mp waived his right to anonymity . he claimed it points to an establishment cover-up .
dorian poe , 11 , from burlington , ontario , sent his favorite toy out on the global adventure in january 2013 . hoping to raise the same level of global awareness about his own condition , dorian decided to send her teddy bear in her place . the bear has circled the globe and then some , continuing to share his vital message , while inviting the world to join in with his journey online .
six-strong gang dressed in high-vis jackets were captured on cctv working throughout thursday night having broken into the basement of hatton gardens . they used wheelie bins to remove millions of pounds worth of jewellery and valuables from the safe . scotland yard tonight refused to confirm whether they had seen the footage before it was handed to them by the mirror .
hannah bluck , 18 , from porthcawl , south wales , was diagnosed with avascular necrosis in her distal tibia . the ultra-rare condition has caused her weight-bearing shin bone to die from lack of oxygen . doctors have been baffled by the condition , which has never been seen before .
lasaz zaid , 20 , was with a friend in st marks close in parsons green , south west london , in the early hours of friday when the group of thugs targeted them . his friend , who wishes to remain anonymous , said the pair were sprayed with ammonia and assaulted with tools before mr zaid was bundled into a mercedes c220 estate . he was found dumped a few miles away , close to the a3 on the border of new malden and parsons
zbigniew huminski , 38 , appeared before a judge on friday night . he was indicted for kidnapping , raping and murdering the nine-year-old . despite being banned from france for earlier offences , he was on his way to england on wednesday from calais when he struck .
samuel tushingham dragged his partner out of bed , slapped her around the head and threw a toaster at her , a court was told . judge bridget knight described the 26-year-old as a ` caveman ' - but despite this ordered him to go on a relationship course instead of sentencing him to jail .
darren humphries , 37 , began throwing cadbury mini eggs at wife claire , 31 . he flipped when his partner of 14 years refused to allow him into her home . he then picked up a packet of chocolate treats and began throwing eggs at her . he was jailed for eight weeks at worcester magistrates court .
cher lair from apex , north carolina , did not know the sex of her baby and gave the scan results to a baker . as she lifts up a slice of pink sponge , she can hardly believe her eyes and proceeds to scream out in excitement . the mother-of-six found out she was expecting a little lady on monday .
the far-right afrikaner resistance movement -lrb- awb -rrb- is training thousands of youths in military-style bootcamps northwest of johannesburg . by day , they are pushed to their physical limits with assault courses and self-defence lessons , all the while being told of the danger from ` the millions of blacks trying to kill you ' .
police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen afl star ben cousins . the pair both made headlines in recent months , for different incidents , and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files . acting commissioner of west australian police , stephen brown confirmed an internal investigation is underway relating to access .
the unknown digger has been drawn into the centre of anzac day controversy after his image was used to front woolworths ' ` fresh in our memories ' ad campaign . little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat . he was a soldier of the first australian imperial force . his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in sydney .
adam deacon , 32 , of bethnal green , east london , appeared in court this morning over allegations of harassment against the 2006 movie 's writer noel clarke . mr clarke said he viewed mr deacon as a friend and after this point they fell out over work .
lloyd meudell started taking images of the sea with a gopro after being an avid surfer his entire life . the 40-year-old grew up on the south coast of new south wales and takes most of his shots on kiama beach . he admits the purchasers are not what you 'd expect .
arnold breitenbach of st. george wanted to get ` cib-69 ' put on a license plate . the utah dmv denied his request , citing state regulations prohibiting the use of the number 69 because of its sexual connotations . murray 's letter also reportedly said ` administrative rule r873-22m-34 is clear regarding the use in a combination with the vehicle make , model , style , type , or commonly used or readily understood abbreviations
the mamma mia inspired eatery will open its doors a block away from the abba museum in stockholm . the venue is scheduled to open in january 2016 , and is a part restaurant , part stage show and part role play . the model reveals there will be olive trees , fountains and scents of mediterranean .
the pound fell to near 1.46 against the us dollar , its lowest level since june 2010 - just after the last election when no party secured a majority . experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament , with neither major party able to form a stable government . there are fears it could sent pound plummeting by another 10 per cent .
jackson byrnes from northern new south wales was told by doctors he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . the 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation . after a week of campaigning online , the casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with two days to go .
violet jones , 43 , was abducted from outside her home in machynlleth , powys . she had letters demanding her other children be taken into care . she was branded a ` bad mother ' for allowing april to play in the street . bridger , 49 , was jailed for life in 2013 but despite the largest police search in british history her body has never been recovered .
bloomberg 's computer system is the world 's largest dealing platform . more than 300,000 screens suddenly went offline for several hours . trillions of pounds of trading had to be stopped or diverted . government 's attempts to sell # 3billion of bonds known as gilts . bloomberg blamed ` combination of hardware and software failures ' .
government officials have repeatedly insisted there is no evidence to support universal screening for group b strep . this is despite the fact it is carried by one in four women and infects as many as 400 newborns in the uk every year . one in ten will die . current guidelines only recommend testing women deemed to be ` at risk ' .
rona fairhead was accused of being either ` incredibly naive or totally incompetent ' . the 53-year-old has told shareholders she will stay on for ` a further one-year period ' before leaving the bank 's board entirely . she announced her departure in a letter to shareholders dated on march 20 .
the picture appeared in the opening on the right - the tv is now being sold at an auction . it was manufactured in 1928 - two years after logie baird first demonstrated a working tv system -- and has the serial number 258 . it is being auctioned off as part of a speciality telecommunications sale by auction team breker in cologne , germany .
mohammed suleman khan , 43 , was sent to prison for four years last april . he defrauding the taxman of # 450,000 and was ordered to pay # 2.2 m . if he fails to hand over the cash he faces a further ten years in prison .
the 39-year-old man was shot numerous times while sitting in a car in his mother 's altona meadows driveway at about 2am on sunday . police believe the attack was targeted and confirmed the victim was known to police . no eyewitnesses to the shooting had come forward .
labour leader was jokingly referred to as the stripper after his battle bus was gatecrashed by bride-to-be nicola braithwaite and her friends . one of the group from knutsford spotted the leader 's bus when she popped outside the westminster hotel for a cigarette . after brief negotiations with his spin doctors , the solicitor was allowed on the bus and emerged grinning after a few minutes in a white and blue dress .
british exports to the rest of the world are surging ahead of those to the european union , official figures showed yesterday . previously they have beaten eu exports on a quarterly basis -- or three months -- but never for such a sustained period . figures vindicate david cameron 's ` mercantile ' foreign policy , which has seen him lead trade missions all over the world .
` when hillary clinton travels there 's going to need to be two planes , one for her and her baggage , ' paul said during remarks at a new hampshire gop summit taking place in nashua . clinton is now running for president and will campaign this week .
researchers removed more than 31,000 web pages featuring vile images of sexual abuse in 2014 , soaring 136 per cent from around 13,000 the previous year . the iwf won the extra powers last year in the wake of the 2012 murders of tia sharp , 12 , and april jones , five -- girls who were both killed by men who watched child porn online .
wade lange and his team living dead clothing have been over-run by orders and enquiries since launching their new line this week . the brisbane designer is already raking in millions on the back of hollywood 's blockbuster moving ` the avengers : age of ultron ' . there are almost 50 types of garments to choose from featuring the film motifs .
sofia vergara allegedly insisted her 44-year-old assistant be the surrogate for her and then fiancée nick loeb . the revelation comes just after reports that the former couple are embroiled in a legal fight over her frozen eggs , which they planned to have children with before their bitter split .
marcin wasniewski , 34 , from foleshill , coventry , escaped death by millimetres . the car he was driving crashed into the back of a lorry on the a444 . emergency services workers greeted by the twisted metal and scattered debris at the scene said it was incredible the driver was even alive .
neill buchel , 39 , was kicked , punched and bludgeoned by elvis kwiatkowski and chas quye , both 36 , before being cut into ten pieces . the men were obsessed with the extreme pranks from the hit tv show and videos found on their mobile phones showed mr buchel being made to rub scotch bonnet chilli pepper on his genitals .
london mayor said ukip supporters are in ` increasing psychological conflict ' . he said a vote for nigel farage 's party is a ` vote for ed miliband ' . mr johnson also visited ramsgate , kent , to support craig mckinley .
lucy scott , from edinburgh , had her first baby in 2012 , and found that nothing could have prepared her for the roller coaster ride that ensued . she proceeded to capture every experience in a new book , doodle diary of a new mom : an illustrated journey through one mommy 's first year .
clinton will announce her bid to become america 's first female president this weekend . the clinton partisan spoke to daily mail online on background , saying the former secretary of state will first put her name forward for the white house on twitter . then barnstorm the hawkeye state in what the associated press calls a series of ` small ' meetings with voters .
the 42-year-old man allegedly threw a wheel spanner at a night security patrol car before recklessly driving his dark blue ford falcon ute at full speed towards the harts range police station . fortunately the station , which is remotely located about 240km northeast of alice springs in the northern territory , was vacant at the time of the incident .
the fbi confirmed it found images of a ` pre-pubescent blonde girl ' that appear to show her being sexually abused . one picture features the unidentified man posing with her . they said they are trying to trace the man because they believe he may have ` critical information ' to help them identify her .
an independent review of rolling stone 's story said the story fell apart because of ` basic , even routine ' failures of journalism . professors at the columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story sunday night . despite the uncompromising conclusions of the journalism experts , nobody will lose their job over the story .
figures from west midlands police also show a nine-year-old has been probed on suspicion of criminal damage . between 2009 and 2014 a total of 617 youngsters aged under ten in the region either committed , of were suspected of committing , a crime , according to figures . they include 41 boys investigated for crimes last year including five suspected of sexual offences .
ted rudd , 60 , was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis . the ac/dc drummer hit the headlines last november when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people . the case has been adjourned until june 26 when rudd 's lawyer will apply for a discharge without conviction .
william ` wild bill ' wilson and his wife lillian karr wilson died just two minutes apart from each other this week . both lillian , 89 , and bill were alzheimer 's patients and for the last couple of years had to live in separate nursing homes . doug , 66 , believes it will also make it easier for the family to grieve .
shelley dufresnein from st charles parish , louisiana , took a plea deal on thursday that gets her out of serving any time behind or having to register as a sex offender . when she returned home from court she uploaded an image of her grinning to the social media site alongside the message : ` my mood today , ' followed by three smiley faces . followers started congratulating her on the outcome below the picture , prompting her to respond : ` i 'm so
patrick kramer is a 33-year-old artist hailing from springville , utah . he specialises in beautifully in-depth oil painted portraits . his portrayals vary between vivid city scenes , still-life objects . kramer has admitted that an oil painting can take anywhere between 50 to 300 hours -lrb- one to six weeks -rrb- to complete .
jamie richardson , 38 , from lancing , west sussex , and daniel taylor , 37 , pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a bermuda court . the royal gazette reported the two men to be intoxicated at the point of boarding the boeing 787-8 at london gatwick at around 9.40 am on sunday . taylor is said to have stood on the foot of one member of staff , and both men were accused of
study by the british heart foundation showed two fifths of parents are badgered by their children each week to buy food after seeing it advertised on tv . charity asked the government to ban junk food adverts being shown before the 9pm watershed . despite regulation , children in the uk are still being exposed to more tv advertising for unhealthy than healthy food items .
researchers at durham university studied a ` clump ' of dark matter that appears to be lagging behind its galaxy - suggesting it interacts with nothing - including itself . this is despite seeming to account for 85 per cent of the universe 's mass and having an observable effect on galaxies : without dark matter , our galaxies would ` fall apart ' as they spin . aside from gravity , though , dark matter seemed to just pass through the universe without interacting with any other mass , such as humans
michael pulman , 33 , spent # 7,500 on a hair transplant to boost his self-esteem . his mother joy , who never spends money on herself , is amazed her son is prepared to spend so much on changing his appearance . she points out that he could go on a luxury holiday for the same price .
labour 's deputy leader harriet harman and tory chancellor george osborne shared a sofa on the tv this morning . mr osborne attended st paul 's school for boys , where a place for a pupil boarding costs now # 10,800-a-year . ms harman has repeatedly accused the tories of being ` completely out of touch ' .
two teenage girls were beaten by a crowd of people in a new jersey park as onlookers videotaped the riot and encouraged the violence to continue . destiny cooke and lajahia cooke , 17 , were kicked , punched , stomped and shoved around by the mob , who can be heard laughing during the five-minute video filmed in trenton .
kitchens sell houses . they are the heart of the home , the hub of dinner parties and usually the ` debrief of the day ' . property buyers expert frank valentic gives his tips for ensuring the practicality of your kitchen is to zone areas of the kitchen based on activities e.g. food preparation .
snp leader will unveil manifesto including proposals for british foreign policy , welfare payments , energy bills and english university tuition fees . several of her pledges overlap with labour policy , including slashing tuition fees in england from a maximum of # 9,000 a year to # 6,000 . others are calculated to drag a minority labour government to the left .
sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers who risk their lives on a daily basis as they try to keep the rhino from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory . but even without his horn , keepers in the kenyan reserve of ol pojeta in fear for his safety .
nathan brown , 19 , was working with his father david , an experienced electrician . he apparently touched a set of exposed electrical bars powering a crane . shock caused him to fall 12ft head first onto the roof of a toilet block . he was airlifted to hospital but later died from his injuries .
at least six people have been killed and many thousands displaced from their homes since the violence against immigrants erupted in durban . despite making 30 arrests overnight , police are struggling to subdue the machete-wielding gangs who ransacked immigrant-owned shops . many families in the city who now fear for their lives have abandoned their homes and fled to a makeshift refugee camp .
the snp leader said the ` direction of travel ' was towards independence . she set out her demands for her to support ed miliband if labour falls short of a majority . but david cameron warned of the ` frightening ' prospect of snp holding labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in england , wales and northern ireland .
rachelle owen , 16 , died after being struck by a train close to hoylake station . her mother kay diamond , 44 , was allegedly murdered in february . police said the death was not being treated as suspicious . a 52-year-old man has been charged with her murder and is awaiting trial .
photographer kenji wardenclyffe captured the explosive moment during a melbourne protest against the ` islamisation ' of australia . the dramatic scenes occurred after reclaim australian , an anti-islam group , organised protests at major cities . the group was also crashed by neo-nazis , who spectacularly clashed with anti-racism groups .
harvey weinstein 's wife georgina chapman , 38 , said she does not want the accusations tied to ambra battilana and her husband to further embarrass their children or interrupt her business . the socialite who worked with the couple , said chapman wants to find a resolution to the allegations as soon as possible .
in recent years , the chernobyl nuclear explosion site , and nearby ghost town of pripyat , ukraine , have seen an increase in tourist interest . visits to the 50-kilometre exclusion zone , a contamination radius guarded by security , are highly regulated . guests must provide documentation at several check points upon reaching the site via tour bus .
danielle and alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son rafi , 10 , and daughter dvora , 6 , roam free in their suburban maryland neighborhood . but authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents . the parents have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours .
kevin bollaert , 28 , was convicted in february of 21 counts of identity theft and six counts of extortion in san diego superior court . the landmark case was the first time a person had been tried for a running revenge porn ring in the united states . more than 10,000 images , mainly of women , were posted between december 2012 and september 2013 .
the stephens county jury found chancey allen luna guilty in the august 16 , 2013 death of christopher lane . the jury recommended that luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole . luna 's defense lawyer contended that the teen meant only to scare lane when he shot at him from a moving car .
alfred taubman , who donated hundreds of millions of dollars to universities , hospitals and museums , died friday night at his home of a heart attack . his business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving a&w restaurant chain , for which he traveled to hungary to figure out why the country 's sausage was so good .
coachella valley music and arts festival in indio , california , runs for its second weekend from april 17-19 . the californian a-list magnet is narrowly ahead of belgium 's tommorowland for per-day costs according to travel money specialist no. 1 currency . the company ranked the price of the world 's most popular summer festivals , not including the cost of getting there .
kenton lee , from nampa , idaho , came up with the idea while working in nairobi in kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small . he said : ` it got me asking questions and finally all these questions led to an idea - what if there were a shoe that could adjust and expand ? ' .
the scottish presenter revealed that attending the classes has helped her drop two dress sizes from a 14 to a 10 . zumba is a fitness programme , combining latin and international music , and incorporates aerobic elements across various styles of dance . the classes vary in price , but average at about # 5 .
amid the horror of a nazi concentration camp , liberated by the british army 70 years ago this week . sergeant norman turgel , 24 , and teenage polish girl gena , 20 , were only kindled because of the generosity and kindness of the camp 's commander major leonard berney . this week survivors and liberators of the notorious bergen-belsen camp began the task of saving as many of the 60,000 starving inmates as was possible .
john daniels , 61 , from dunsfold in surrey , has decades of experience working with animals . he used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots . the photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings , making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate national pet day .
almost 40 per cent of people spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it . typical of the trend is chris penn , a 31-year-old council officer from newport , gwent , who said : ` the main purpose of our garden is as a space to unwind with a glass of wine on a warm evening after work ' .
the coach erupted into flames on the a2 slip road to the m25 . fire crews were sent to tackle the fire and spent an hour trying to douse the flames from the vehicle . the slip road still remains closed as the highways agency begin to remove the wreckage of the coach from the scene .
covoiseshell mimi became an internet sensation after her owner uploaded clips of her playing the sport to facebook . the 30-second-video was shared by thousands of people around the world and features the one-year-old cat playing with joshua teague . mimi was picked to star in the tv advert after phil shared the video with the pets at home facebook group earlier this month .
jessica cleland , from wallan , victoria , was 19 when she took her own life on easter saturday after receiving facebook messages from two teenage boys . her parents said that jessica 's social media accounts were flooded with horrible sentiments the night before she died , and are now desperate to see a change within victoria 's government . the state 's police found guilty of cyber bullying face serious consequences .
emergency services are preparing for damaging winds to hit large parts of new south wales as residents in victoria and queensland prepare for a week of colder weather . the nsw state emergency service anticipates calls across the sydney metropolitan , hunter and illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h expected over the next two days . the ses had responded to about 15 jobs on monday morning .
asda 's piri chicken pasta salad contains 46.5 g of fat -- two thirds of the recommended daily intake for an adult -- which is more than the 43.3 g found in a burger king bacon and cheese whopper . consumer group which ? said it was surprised to find that three of the sandwiches it surveyed contained more than three teaspoons of sugar .
us giant morgan stanley said the prospect of a labour government reliant on the scottish nationalists would create the ` greatest uncertainty ' of any election result . its inevitable ` anti-austerity ' agenda could lead to an ` earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case ' , the bank argued .
sir bruce forsyth said people should not be ` left to suffer ' , adding that in many cases it could be ` more cruel to do nothing ' than allowing them to die . sir bruce 's first wife , penny calvert , was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008 . he visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year .
damon albarn has criticised today 's pop stars for ` talking platitudes ' . the 47-year-old dubbed modern pop artists as existing in a ` selfie generation ' . blur shot to success with parklife in 1995 - widely seen as a commentary about growing up in the 1990s .
italian artist johannes stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon . the 37-year-old has previously transformed his models into frogs and parrots but this may be his most intricate piece to date . stoetter can take weeks to plan one of his pieces and hours to paint it .
peter barnett , 43 , is said to have caused a loss of # 23,000 to chiltern railways . he travelled from oxfordshire to london marylebone but pretended to have only gone from wembley , in north west london . barnett admits six counts of fraud by false representation between april 2012 and november last year .
the traditional cookie cutter wedding no longer exists . two of the biggest changes are the fact that religious services have fallen out of favour and that brides are opting for bold colour schemes for their big day . when it comes to honeymooning 18 per cent of us are now choosing to holiday in the uk compared to 8 per cent five years ago .
dwayne harvard , 46 , had an argument with steven sutton , 36 , sunday night and struck sutton with his 2002 ford explorer , driving for 11 miles through pennsylvania . sutton managed to stay on the hood as harvard drove through harmar township , springdale , frazier township , tarentum borough , fawn township and into harrison township . harvard claims he was ` fearing ' for his life and for mazzetti , so he took off
olivia marie , ava lane , hazel grace , parker kate and riley paige are still in an incubator at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas . but they 're getting stronger every day , according to their mother . danielle described holding the first of her five all-girl babies .
sofia vergara 's representatives declined to comment on the allegations when contacted by dailymail.com on wednesday . court documents filed under pseudonyms jane and john doe , detail how the couple fertilized embryos using her eggs and his sperm six months before their split . loeb , 39 , is seeking to ensure the female embryos are not destroyed .
boy 's giggles can be heard after r2d2 followed him around star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california . the pair began spinning around each other in circles . clearly a fan , the boy was dressed in a star wars t-shirt and had merchandise fixed to his wheelchair to promote the new film , the force awakens .
uss theodore roosevelt and the uss normandy left the persian gulf on sunday and are steaming through the arabian sea . the vessels are believed to be joining other u.s. ships that are poised to intercept any iranian ships carrying weapons to the houthi rebels fighting in yemen .
phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders , and seventeenth overall , when his mother made the request in 2002 . he said he followed the ` unwritten nfl new money millionaire ' rule and instead bought his mother a brand new big house , as well as paid for all her finances . but he soon realized that gift would come with its own problems .
the bloomnigton arrow was one of 102 found by retired couple brian and charlotte smith , who have travelled across the us to photograph the monuments . the concrete arrows were placed at the base of lit beacons near airways , showing pilots the direction they needed to fly in .
the toyal lotus technology is inspired by the water-repellent nature of a lotus leaf and uses microscopic bumps to stop liquids from sticking . german maker toyo aluminium 's technology won silver place in the 2013 du pont awards for packaging innovation and the firm has teamed up with japan 's morinaga milk industry to bring it to consumers .
the number of deaths every year in britain will rise by 20 per cent over the next two decades , as the lives of unprecedented numbers born in the post-baby boom come to an end . at the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast , thanks to higher costs for cremation , rising undertakers ' bills .
the ten houses in australia that wo n't sell after being on the market for up to two years . among them includes a one-bedroom home in oberon , central west of nsw , which was listed 800 days ago for $ 299,000 but the price has since been cut by 50 per cent . a property in kincumber , north of sydney , went from $ 889,000 to a 55 per cent cut .
the duffel bag was found shortly before 8am near a building used by biotechnology company biogen inc. and a block from a police station . all of the remains are believed to belong to one person , whose death is being treated as a homicide . the name of the victim also was not released .
diane morris , 46 , is engaged to mike holpin , 56 , who has shamelessly boasted of having children with 20 different women . ms morris has brushed off claims that her partner uses dating site plenty of fish to meet more women for casual sex . mr hopin , a former alcoholic of ebbw vale , south wales , was strongly criticised after admitting he did n't even know the name of some of his 40 children .
five children questioned after 623 fires ravaged 600 acres of fields and woodland this month alone . fire crews in south wales say they have been stretched to breaking point by the ` unprecedented ' scale of destruction . cost of fighting the blazes has risen close to # 500,000 since the month began .
the polished evergreen foliage of camellias makes for a great contrast to the brightly coloured flowers . if yours is acid , free-draining and nutritious , they 'll thrive , but they mope in alkaline or neutral ground . the best time to take cuttings is between september and february , but you can try it now .
the oldest active pilot is a 95-year-old peter weber jr. , it 's been revealed . weber has said he flies ` at least twice a month ' . the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence .
a 14-year-old boy from blackburn , lancashire was arrested on april 2 . he allegedly communicated with australian men over a plan to use knives and swords to hack officers to death in melbourne on anzac day . when the alleged plot was uncovered by greater manchester police , they tipped off authorities who swooped on the suspects . five men from melbourne were arrested over the planned attack after british authorities passed on their findings to police in australia
researchers at nanyang technological university , singapore , have shown that using deep brain stimulation -lrb- dbs -rrb- can boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed . device sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain . it has also been shown to provide benefits for a range of conditions including chronic pain , major depression and obsessive compulsive disorder .
the mercury is predicted to soar to 21c -lrb- 70f -rrb- tomorrow , with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse . britain 's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring , with lily and jack manning , aged 11 and six , enjoying the treat in old portsmouth .
alannah hill was diagnosed with an invasive malignant melanoma . if she had waited another three months the cancer would likely have spread and become terminal but thankfully she now has a ` very good ' prognosis . hill has had part of her toe removed and a skin graft from her inner thigh and then after about a week doctors will decide if she needs anymore treatment .
alexis keslar was walking with her sons , eli and silas , along the canal bank on friday when she was distracted and the stroller tragically rolled away from her into the canal . police have said finding a way down the steep banks proved too difficult and she watched helplessly as the strong current swept her children away . the boys were pulled from the water one hour later and rushed to hospital where they were pronounced dead .
the car left a parking lot at the ports o ' call entertainment area of san pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at berth 73 of the port of los angeles . the car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor , where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water just off of berth 73 . two children were hospitalized in grave condition until one later died .
flight 9w2423 arrived at the airport in khajuraho , about 375 miles south-east of delhi in the state of madhya pradesh . passengers spotted smoke outside the plane when the left wing landing gear collapsed . jet airways described it as ` a technical problem with the landing gear ' and said reports of a fire are untrue .
one company is offering the chance to dive 12,500 ft below the surface of the sea to explore the ship at the bottom of the atlantic . the once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service , bluefish , and does not come cheap . travellers will learn about the ship in a series of lectures in addition to the dive .
the migratory bird was spotted at a salt lake near the british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast close to the resort city of limassol . experts believe a rare genetic irregularity known as `` melanism '' can generate more melanin than usual .
the video was created by the washington-based american chemical society -lrb- acs -rrb- . it covers three household cleaning ` hacks ' for windows , carpets and counter tops . when higher concentrations of clear alcohol , such as gin , vodka or white rum , are poured onto the stain , the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet .
beth hall , 24 , from cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lbs after being bullied at school . she began a strict diet regime at the age of 16 , living off nothing more than black tea and coffee . but after years of turmoil , she was finally admitted to an eating disorder clinic . she is now a healthy size 8 and studying graphics at university .
residents on the high green estate in sheffield , south yorkshire , say they are being ` held to ransom ' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars . cctv footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties , cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and bb guns through the estate .
three men , two women and four children aged between one and 11 caught trying to get into lawless syria from turkey last week . critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists and therefore a risk to other members of the public . one case involves a family of nine britons -- three men and two women .
john coyne , 56 , ran the prince of wales pub in harrow road , london . he attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious . the victim , who is heterosexual , had been on a night out with friends . coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent and jailed at blackfriars crown court yesterday .
kellogg 's is the latest us owned multinational to be embroiled in the controversy over tax avoidance in britain . the cereal giant warned shareholders its profits could be hit by government moves to close tax loopholes . kellogg has produced cereals in the uk since 1938 and says it has several hundred employees here .
former prime minister said he had ` decades ' still in him and joked he would ` turn to drink ' if he ever stepped down from his multitude of global roles . mr blair said his latest ambition is to recruit former heads of government to advise presidents and prime ministers on how to run their countries .
joel wilkinson was diagnosed with duchenne muscular dystrophy six months ago . his parents , emma , 33 , and chris , 36 , noticed he was struggling to develop and learn to walk . they were left devastated when tests confirmed their son had the condition . now , they have decided to make his short life as full of joy as possible .
manuel garza jr. received a lethal injection of pentobarbital for killing san antonio police officer john ` rocky ' riojas in february 2001 . he is the sixth convicted murderer to be put to death in texas this year . no last-day appeals were filed before his execution .
kieran loveridge , 21 , was moved to goulburn supermax prison . he is thought to have had a relationship with port macquarie woman jody marson . ms marson was suspended after other staff members claimed they had witness the alleged affair inside the kempsey prison .
mark hamill , who played luke skywalker in the original star wars films , said he had some reservations about abrams . hamill admitted he was caught off guard when lucas invited him to lunch . the 63-year-old said he was cautiously optimistic about j.j. abrams , the chosen director for the force awakens .
kristen lindsey , 31 , who lives in brenham , texas , allegedly hunted the animal down and shot it with a bow believing it was feral . but a local rescue center say the cat , believed to be called tiger , was domesticated and had been missing for around two weeks . she also said in a comment , before she learned she no longer had a job : ` and no i did not lose my job . psshh . like someone would get rid of me
katie prager , 24 , was diagnosed with an infection in her lungs in september 2009 and is desperately in need of a transplant . her insurance company , kentucky medicaid , will not pay for the out-of-state-treatment she needs at the university of pittsburgh medical center . as her health continues to decline , her husband dalton , 23 , who has already received new lungs , is pleading for help . she is waiting as katie is waiting as
national grid has revealed the uk 's first new pylon for nearly 90 years . called the t-pylon it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons . but it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts . it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy .
christopher barry , 53 , was stabbed twice in the chest outside his home . the boy , who can not be named , pulled a knife from his rucksack . mr barry was a member of the notorious wood green gang . he was jailed for more than 11 years after pleading guilty .
apple has pledged an unspecified amount of money for a virginia-based nonprofit , the conservation fund , to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the east coast . in the reed forest of aroostook county , maine , wetlands , rivers , and upland forest provide refuge for atlantic salmon , bald eagle , and canada lynx .
vera maresova , 50 , confessed to killing five women and one man . dubbed ` nurse death ' by local media , he was initially arrested over death of 70-year-old woman last august . but has now admitted killing five more people between 2010 and 2014 following a police investigation .
solomon khoorban , 33 , forced himself on the teenager in the vip area . he then ordered his terrified victim to wait for at least 30 minutes , threatening to kill her if she did not oblige . princess diana was among a host of famous faces who attended shows , events and after parties at the club before it closed down .
stephanie scott was allegedly murdered just days before she was due to be married to her childhood sweetheart . vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with killing ms scott , a popular high school teacher in leeton , 550 kilometres from sydney . his youtube account included more than 65 videos - mostly recordings of him playing games with other people online .
the mayor of new york is allegedly entering the race as a ` leftist ' alternative to clinton in the hopes that this will see him represent the party in the 2016 elections . this claims come in the wake of a television appearance last week , just hours before clinton announced her candidacy , where de blasio refused to back her .
the play , which stars glee star matthew morrison and kelsey grammer , is based on the 2004 film of the same name weinstein produced starring kate winslet and johnny depp . the couple were joined by stars including helen mirren , bryan cranston , ansel elgort , darren criss , olivia wilde and christoph waltz for the opening night of the play .
zodiac aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew . the lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest . every bunk is equipped with a personal service unit -lrb- psu -rrb- offering crew with individual comfort features such as an in-flight entertainment and air conditioning system .
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on the set of his latest movie . the incident is almost too good to be true and multiple commenters on reddit have speculated that the video is a prank . one commenter claimed to work for jimmy kimmel live , who is certainly no stranger to pranks .
peter gale was fired from his position at high-performing nonsuch high school for girls in cheam , surrey , due to ` serious breaches ' in safeguarding procedures . he was appointed to run the school in september 2013 after the mysterious departure of its previous head , karin rowsell .
researchers sketching out a ` wiring diagram ' for rat brains . the first comprehensive picture of how neurons connect to one another found local networks of neurons layered like the shells in a russian nesting doll . the internet has countless local area networks that then connect with larger , regional networks and ultimately with the backbone of the internet .
the stellar bill also includes historian david starkey , best-selling novelist claire tomalin , explorer sir ranulph fiennes , private eye editor ian hislop and neil macgregor . this year it boasts more than 140 speakers , a stunning air show and ` living history ' re-enactments over seven days .
jeremy clarkson was fired in march after attacking a producer during filming . he has not publicly addressed his dismissal , apart from to say ` everyone 's upset ' . but the presenter today gave his ` heartfelt thanks ' to those who sent their support in the aftermath of his sacking .
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man . he was shown wearing a green puma sweatshirt , dark jacket and jeans in the hours before the incident . police investigating the case have come across cctv that shows the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night .
louise shepherd , 31 , was hiking through the remote madidi national park in the north-western part of the country when a tree toppled onto her . ms shepherd , from cobham , surrey , had taken a ` gap year ' off work in order to go travelling around the world with her sister hannah and college friend rose jones , both 30 .
zipporah lisle-mainwaring has been accused of painting red and white stripes on her # 15million kensington townhouse . residents in the otherwise immaculate cobbled cul-de-sac said the colourful redesign was driving them ` mad ' and likened her to ` a child throwing a tantrum ' .
ethan czahor has launched ` clear ' which removes any posts that might cause you problems with your current or future employer . users can search for keywords such as ` gay ' , ` black ' or swear words and the program deletes any tweet that mentions them . in february , mr czahahor was fired from his job as a chief technology officer for the former florida governor and potential 2016 presidential candidate .
president obama and cuban president raul castro are attending a regional summit in panama , the white house said friday . it will be the first time in more than 50 years that leaders from the previously estranged countries will have had a lengthy in-person exchange . ahead of an anticipated run-in , if not a formal meeting , this weekend in at the seventh summit of the americas , the two presidents spoke by phone on wednesday .
susie pleasance and helen quarrel got to the field early and were disappointed to find an empty track . officials opted to move the $ 10 million program to monday allowing racegoers to use the ticket they purchased for the saturday event . the warwick farm card is unable to go ahead on monday and will be moved to wednesday .
a third man has been charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . the 18-year-old hampton park man had his preventative detention order - which allows police to hold a person without charge for up to 14 days . police uncovered swords and knifes after searching five teenager 's homes .
militthia cheroitich , 19 , was rescued after al-shabaab gunmen stormed garissa university college on thursday . hundreds gathered to look at the bodies of the men accused of being the attackers . hundreds of people , some grieving for the loved ones they lost in the siege , gathered in the sweltering heat .
a series of model letters have been drawn up with carefully pre-crafted messages designed to woo voters with just 28 days to go before the may 7 election . women are told they are ` vital to the success of the british economy ' . pensioners are praised for their ` wealth of experience ' .
elena curtin of portland , oregon , was seven-months pregnant when she was charged with second-degree assault after she struck her boyfriend 's ex in the head and arm with a crowbar in november 2014 . she was set to go to trial in multnomah county circuit court this week , but prosecutors dropped the charge on monday . curtin 's defense attorney said the ex-girlfriend was ` jealous and bitter ' that the boyfriend was in a relationship with his
japanese have taken their culinary expertise to a whole new level with their newest cooking series . miniature space , a cooking show , has easy-to follow videos of how to make all kinds of fun-sized food . cooked on tiny hobs and mini pans , the viewer only sees the hand of the chef as they chop , dice , boil and fry various ingredients .
republican presidential candidate rand paul is on the defensive after a set of acrimonious exchanges with female journalists . ' i think i have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters , ' he told cnn anchor wolf blitzer yesterday . paul , a libertarian-leaning kentucky senator , launched his presidential bid on tuesday in louisville .
the queen , who was resplendent in a fuchsia suit and a matching hat , appeared unusually nervous and was spotted crossing her fingers in the royal box . unfortunately for her majesty , her horse was narrowly pipped to the post - prompting a brief look of horror . newbury racecourse is currently hosting the dubai duty free spring trials .
the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress diana dors , singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando on the psychedelic cover . in total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the fab four themselves - but because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together .
daria rose , 18 , has been accepted into all seven of the ivy league schools she applied to , abc news reports . rose and her family lived in several hotels as well as her grandmother 's house after being forced to evacuate their home in baldwin , which was destroyed . the teen did not apply to columbia , according to abc .
ashley roberts ' boyfriend , justin mccray , surprised her with an engagement ring of her own , and it was a good news day for everyone involved . ashley 's this morning co-workers were in on the plan all along ; while wrapping up the wedding segment , anchor jason derush noted that men spend an average of $ 5,855 on the engagement ring .
victor agbafe , a student at cape fear academy in wilmington , north carolina , also could go to stanford or duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well . the 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all . he describes himself as a ` passionate , open-minded individual ' .
city halls have failed to recalibrate some of the 100,000 ticket machines . in manchester , where 240 machines are still not upgraded , motorists without old-style coins must use # 1 and two 20p pieces for a typical # 1.25 hour 's parking . manchester council also charges # 3.10 for two hours and 30 minutes .
daphne selfe , 86 , from baldock , hertfordshire , has starred in the campaign for vans and & other stories alongside flo dunn , 22 . the model also comes from a time when it was ok to not be super skinny : ` i 'm a big-boned person and back in 1950 i was 10st 7lb ' .
graham leonard was returning to scotland after attending a manchester united football match . he grabbed the pa microphone on the private charter flight and burst into song for his fellow football fans after drinking beer and gin on match day . after frustrating the cabin crew with his antics during the flight - including throwing a hot towel at one - he then caused an airport to be evacuated . sheriff edward savage said he was keeping ` all options open ' .
the wi has been told it must pay the royal albert hall thousands of pounds to serve the cakes . it 's been a gargantuan undertaking , even by the formidable standards of the women 's institute . for days on end , two of its members slaved away baking enough cakes to feed 5,000 women attending the wi 's centenary celebrations .
michigan micro mote is the smallest computer in the world , measuring less than 2mm across . it contains solar cells that power the battery with ambient light , including indoor rooms with no natural sunlight . the operator is able to send the information to a central computer via conventional radio frequencies . it is the first complete computer system measuring as small as two millimeters across .
property in islington , north london , is only 5ft wide in places . despite being only a little wider than a rugby player 's shoulders , the estate agency blurb described the property as being ` well proportioned ' . it has two-bedrooms , a tiny study , reception room , shower room , cloakroom , kitchen and a garden .
gerard t. ` the frenchman ' ouimette was 75 . he was suspected of having a role in up to eight murders . ` ran ' the federal prison in north carolina in the 1970s and even had booze , drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis , according to a rhode island state police report .
a 16-year-old girl was arrested after police raided a house in longsight . the boy was arrested on suspicion of preparing for an act of terrorism . the investigation involved the north west counter terrorism unit . both were bailed until may 28 and police have dismissed any link to the nine individuals from rochdale arrested on thursday .
the oldest publicly available twitter-auditing tool , reports that 44 per cent of the former secretary of state 's followers are ` good ' ; 15 per cent are ` inactive ' . the white house worked overtime to purge most of them after a september 2013 report found that more than half of his followers did n't really exist .
the quaint capital city put on one hell of a show for its inaugural cubadupa festival -- a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks . wellington batucada -- a community-based percussion group -- brought the flamboyant world of samba to cuba street with late night revellers .
police were pointed to cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw . the mother and brother of vincent standford has been charged with ms scott 's murder . standford , 24 , was familiar to the area and had camped and travelled through the park on many occasions . police discovered the burnt remains of a woman 's body in bushland .
dusan bako , 18 , flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager 's phone only to discover it was switched off . during a confrontation near a park in oldham , greater manchester , bako put his arm around the back of the girl 's neck and with the other clenched his fist . one horrified witness said bako hit the girl ` like a boxer ' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child .
eileen mason and margaret seabrook had been to a lunch club meeting in swindon , wiltshire , when an ` evil looking ' man suddenly appeared from behind a fence . according to the two pensioners , the man initially attempted to get his hands on the contents of her scooter basket . however , the would-be robber was soon to regret his action .
researchers at the niels bohr institute at the university of copenhagen published in the journal geophysical research letters . evidence of water on mars dates back to the mariner 9 mission , which arrived in 1971 . it revealed clues of water erosion in river beds and canyons as well as weather fronts and fogs .
former secretary of state gave details of her daughter 's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir , hard choices , released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run . in the new chapter , she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans . she and her husband marc mezvinsky were expecting a baby .
olivia bazlinton , 13 , and charlotte thompson , 14 , died when an express train hit them at elsenham station , essex , in december 2005 . the friends had been using the station 's unlocked footpath crossing to catch a service to cambridge when they were struck by a through train . network rail was subsequently convicted of criminal negligence and fined # 1 million over the deaths .
queensland resident roxy walsh took to her facebook account after recovering the gold jewellery at the finns beach club in bali on tuesday . the ring has what appears to be a family crest and engraved with a heartwarming message : ` darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny ' . ms walsh said she will be meeting with the pair this weekend to return the sentimental ring .
video footage shows a white ball being rolled down a positioned cue . it then bounces off one side of the red-clothed table and hits the first in a long line of dominoes . the last domino gently hits an orange ball , causing it to roll down another positioned cue lying on the table .
carol chandler , 53 , of wellington , shropshire , is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s . she was charged as part of the metropolitan police 's operation winthorpe . investigation is also looking into its prep school colet court .
david totton , 36 , admitted driving a hired white peugeot rcz into nightclub doors when his friend was refused entry . he tried to claim the attack had been meant as ' a joke ' but a judge ruled otherwise ' . he was told to leave as well , and the doormen locked the doors in order to prevent an altercation .
annea de la caridad perez friman , 37 , is said to have been ` suffering from post-natal depression ' when she allegedly stabbed john joseph shannon , 31 , the couple 's six-week-old baby and her daughter , four . mr shannon had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children , but police now believe perek friman to be the culprit .
ana elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot at the university of texas , pan american . the psychology graduate student , 27 , was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the mexican border . she was released unharmed the following day after one of the kidnappers introduced her to his mother who helped her escape to another location .
british children 's cookbook guru annabel karmel has slammed pete evans ' controversial bone broth recipe in his book ` bubba yum yum - the paleo way ' . the 51-year-old believes bone broth instead of breast milk or formula is dangerous and ill advised .
just over three weeks until polling day , 39 per cent of voters say they will back conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for labour . shock poll comes after tories unveiled key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to # 1million . ukip and the lib dems are each up three points at 13 per cent and 9 per cent .
larry reid , 73 , was arrested for dui about 12:40 p.m. monday between boulder city and searchlight in nevada . mr. reid was also charged with battery of a police officer , driving across a median , resisting arrest , not wearing a seat belt and possession of a gun .
dame barbara hakin , national director of commissioning operations for nhs england , was accused of gagging a whistleblower who tried to warn about the impact of targets on ordinary patients . she was investigated by the general medical council , which concluded that there was no case to answer . however , it is now reviewing part of this decision and is appointing an independent expert to consider if the original investigation went ` far enough ' in respect of patient safety .
lance corporal leonard keysor , 30 , received a victoria cross for his 48-hour effort that saw him lob live , palm-sized iron grenades from the trenches of lone pine . lcpl keysor signed up just before the start of the war in 1914 as a pilot but instead was sent to the shores of turkey . in australia , he discovered cricket and it soon became a passion for the young man .
julie bishop is australia 's highest-ranking official to visit iran in 12 years . she donned a black headscarf during a meeting with iranian president hassan rouhani and her iranian counterpart mohammad javad zarif . political commentators and politicians have also voiced their opinions .
valerie rutty altered invoices by increasing prices of work she commissioned . 60-year-old stole almost # 3,500 from the fund raised by parents , teachers and pupils over a period of more than three years at irlam primary school in greater manchester . it would help pay for extra-curricular days out and gym equipment .
the 56-year-old posted the image of the iron lady on instagram . some of her fans took umbrage to the photo , which madonna captioned with : ` thank you margaret thatcher ' followed by ' #unapologetic #rebelheart ' and a love heart . madonna was named one of the greatest gay icons of all time .
marks and spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 miraval rose . the # 18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple 's chateau miraval estate . they married in august last year after having purchased it for # 41million . decanter magazine described it as having ' a sense of power alongside the elegance ... with a delicious mouth-watering finish ' .
uk over-the-counter medicines market is worth # 2.5 billion . brands vying for attention with brightly coloured packaging . some contain suppressants to alleviate symptoms of a dry , tickly cough . some also contain paracetamol or ibuprofen , both of which reduce a temperature , decongestants and antihistamines that can help sleep .
joseph devaney , 23 , and kieron rolstron , 22 , burst into the home of a young couple and demanded money . but as owners john and emma evans watched in horror , devaney brought down the machete on the animal 's head to stop it barking before making off in the victims ' car . cookie suffered serious injuries and had be sedated whilst he was given stitches and is now recovering at home in clayton brook , lancash
man named locally as 62-year-old richard clements is believed to have been mowing grass outside his property in wattisham , suffolk . his family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him but he was pronounced dead at the scene . friends told of their shock at the incident , which occurred just before 5.15 pm yesterday .
sheriff mbye died in hospital two hours after he suffered multiple stab wounds . police were called to a kfc restaurant in northfield , birmingham , shortly after 5pm yesterday after reports of a stabbing . a 19-year-old man from birmingham has been arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in police custody .
jessica edgeington , 33 , of villa rica , georgia , was a skilled diver known for a type of high-speed sport called ` swooping ' . divers speed down to land and sweep over buoys and other obstacles on the surface of a pond as competition . she died after plummeting to the ground at the skydive deland in deland , florida .
timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people . the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history .
brisbane based singer ross bunbury offers his vocals to dj-duo mashed n kutcher in a viral video . the clip shows adam and matt , who choose not to give their full names , approach a busdriver and a 7-eleven clerk to have a bash on the keys before going in search of a singer .
jessica hardy , 23 , from hereford , was so desperate to remove her former flame 's name from her forearm she used acid . the mother-of-one said she could n't afford laser removal surgery to have the tattoo removed so when she heard about acid peels for the skin . jessica 's dangerous diy treatment gave her chemical burns .
doug gregory , 92 , had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car outside a petrol station . the ex-spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance . he was awarded the distinguished flying cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over nazi-occupied europe .
father tells bristol post his daughter had been given hard drugs by dealers . he said dealers made the drugs ` incredibly cheap and available ' to hook customers . father has sent open letter to local council , south gloucestershire , begging them to take the issue more seriously asking if a young person has to die before the problem is addressed .
amanda burleigh was convinced that clamping the cord was wrong . since the 1950s , when doctors and midwives started giving women a hormonal injection to reduce the risk of haemorrhage . they feared the drug -- since replaced with a safer substitute -- could harm the baby . but ms burleigh , a midwife at leeds teaching hospitals nhs trust , believed it was unnatural to clamp the cord when it was still visibly pulsating with blood .
chelsea clinton became the first daughter of the u.s. of america . she was just a twelve-year-old from arkansas with a full head of voluminous frizzy curls . but over the years , her curls quickly began to fade , appearing more and more controlled as the years wore on . in a candid interview , chelsea has finally revealed what happened to her once-unruly mane .
christopher stefanoni , 50 , says his nine-year-old son was kicked off his team and put in a lower-ranking one after he proposed developments involving affordable housing . locals are so worried at the prospect of the town 's black population - currently 70 people , or 0.33 per cent - getting any bigger that they hit back through the medium of baseball .
gruesome death rituals performed 1,200 years ago have been uncovered in dozens of tombs in peru 's cotahuasi valley . each tomb was filled with bones of up to 60 mummies , with infants kept in small containers , and others repeatedly ripped to pieces . archaeologists have so far opened up seven of the tombs , recovering 171 broken mummies from the ancient ceremonial site known as tenahaha .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen on easter sunday , the day before her wedding venue seemed like the loneliest place on the planet . a guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley 's wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue . the car park was empty and silent , with only the sound of crickets and toads in the nearby countryside .
florida wildlife officials this week tried to throw baby tortoises in the ocean because they were mistaken for sea turtles . all five species of sea turtle and the gopher turtle nest in the sand which is why some people may confuse one with the other . it 's important to know that you should never attempt to relocate gopher tortoise adults , juveniles or hatchlings if you happen to see one near a beach .
the gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the m42 . they held up a cash-and-carry in derby on september 26 last year . the white seat leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter . police eventually caught up with the men , arresting them .
clare else 's husband andrew was knifed more than 200 times by paranoid schizophrenic ephraim norman , 24 , after getting off a bus in croydon , south london . the 52-year-old had been at the pub with friends earlier that night before the stranger pounced on him and launched an unprovoked attack . norman had stopped taking medication for his illness because it interfered with his sex life and had heard voices in his head commanding him to
stephen akers-belcher said he needed time off for compassionate reasons . but the mayor of hartlepool was pictured the same day aboard hms warrior . photos emerged of him representing the council at an event on the famous battle ship , 323 miles from his patch . the authority denied that was the case and said the allegations were investigated by the council and police but no further action was taken .
the york county coroner 's office says 35-year-old donnell graham fatally shot his wife , shaquana graham and another man in a room at the quality inn in springettsbury township . the woman was found shot in the head while the other man had been killed by gunshots to the chest . at least one of the individuals had checked into the room around 3 a.m. schock said he was in the breakfast room when the guest staying in the room next to
a university of cambridge scientist has revealed his green source of energy . by using just moss he is able to generate enough power to run a clock . he said panels of plant material could power appliances in our homes . and the technology could help farmers grow crops where electricity is scarce . dr paolo bombelli will present his research as part of the pint of science festival .
kathleen bailey , 70 , a church elder and avid charity fundraiser , was given power of attorney over her terminally ill friend 's finances . bailey later became a carer for her victim who was battling breast cancer . but the grandmother , from ramsbottom , greater manchester , helped herself to at least # 1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north wales .
cbs , general electric and mattel all successfully manipulated the u.s. tax code to avoid paying taxes on their massive profits . most of those 15 were actually given federal tax rebates in the tens or even hundreds of millions . if your monthly internet payment goes to time warner , guess what they 'll be paying this year .
nate silver believes that neither labour or the tories will be unable to get enough support together for a majority government . polls yesterday suggested the election will be too close to call . the news came as an american pollster predicted the results of the 2008 us presidential election almost exactly -- down five points from a week ago .
the incident occurred wednesday afternoon at alverta b. gray schultz middle school in hempstead , new york . annika mckenzie , 34 , believed the teacher had ` put her hands ' on her 12-year-old daughter earlier in the day . she has been charged with second-degree assault and strangulation .
ivana chubbuck , 62 , is known as the ` celebrity whisperer ' . her client list includes eva mendes , charlize theron , gerard butler , halle berry , sharon stone and many others . within months , she was topping the charts with single ladies .
footage shows the seven-day-old foal nuzzling sunny bayne 's shoulder before pushing her to the ground and lying on top of her belly . many viewers have deemed the video ` adorable ' and ` cute ' . bayne later identified the owner of the foal as florida-based meg miranda .
tom o'carroll attended a hacked off rally in the houses of parliament on february 25 to lobby mps for state involvement in media regulation . the organisation , set up in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal , is campaigning against what it sees as the ` biased and unfair ' independent press standards organisation . it wants mps to set up a statutory body to regulate the press .
crown princess mary of denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday . the 43-year-old stepped out solo for her royal duties , following a week of family celebrations honouring the 75th birthday of queen margarethe ii . mary was met by representatives of the danish military in aabenraa , where she placed a wreath at a memorial and attended a service .
bobby brown visited his stricken daughter bobbi kristina at the dekalb medical center in decatur , georgia , on monday . the 46-year-old signer spent time at the hospital where she had been treated since being found unresponsive on january 31 - so she could be provided with long term care . her maternal grandmother cissy houston said her granddaughter ` is no longer in a medically induced coma ' but is not awake nor expected to ever recover .
lelisa desisa , 25 , of ethiopia won with an unofficial time of 2 hours , 9 minutes , 17 seconds and beat his previous winning time by more than a minute . thirty-thousand runners cruised through a damp monday morning route where well-wishers drew ` boston strong ' in chalk on the pavement . desisa raised his hands in victory and exhaustion as he crossed the finish line to win the boston marathon on monday .
google politics tweeted about former first lady and secretary of state hillary clinton 's announcement that she is seeking the presidency . ` it 's official . @hillaryclinton is running . here are the q 's people are asking @google about clinton in the past hour : ' . clinton is 67 years old and a member of the democratic party .
woman was standing up on the punt ferrying three friends in cambridge . she disappeared under the waters of the cam several times , screaming for help each time she resurfaced . two of her friends leapt in to save her and staff at a punt hire operator manoeuvred one of their craft alongside to help pull her out .
vincent viafore from poughkeepsie , new york , was on the rough hudson river near newburgh with angelika graswald when he was thrown in . viafore was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak . on monday she asked friends on facebook to keep praying for her partner and hoped for a miracle .
baylee almon was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on april 19 , 1995 , in the worst case of homegrown terrorism america has ever seen . the oklahoma city bombing , planted by veteran us army soldier timothy mcveigh , killed 168 american people . a day later , it was on the cover of newspapers across the world .
swan asbo , nicknamed asbaby , has been pecking punters on the cambridge river . he was moved to a location 60 miles away in 2012 after repeatedly attacking rowers . mr asbo was seen attacking tourists , eating sandwiches , drinking from water bottles . he is said to have inherited his bad temper from his grandfather , asboy .
kristen jarvis , 34 , is moving on from washington after seven years of acting as the first lady 's go-to gal and constant companion for nearly all her daily tasks . the spelman college graduate admits she did not share michelle 's love of d.c. workout craze solidcore .
qasr al-farid or ` the lonely castle ' has a sad tale , standing incomplete and abandoned , looking out of place in the barren landscape . believed to be constructed in the first century a.d. and situated on one of the most important ancient trade routes , linking the north and south of the arabian peninsula .
sheila elkan , 84 , lives in the house that featured as the leadbetters ' home in the classic 1970s tv series . he backed david cameron today after he launched his ` good life ' manifesto . mr cameron promised he would help deliver ` the greatest sunshine ' of a job , a home , tax cuts and a secure retirement .
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday . passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from beneath the aircraft . today , the unnamed seattle airport employee revealed he might have slept much longer if it had n't been for the passengers ' bags . he called 911 and spoke to a bemused operator for 44 seconds before he was cut off .
ricky mayall played scheming tory mp alan b'stard in itv series the new statesman , and a host of other comedy characters , died suddenly aged 56 last june . but probate records reveal he had no will -- even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998 . lawyers have always advised that people should have a valid will to avoid tax pitfalls .
brayden travis , 18 , was left without medical attention for seven hours after taking drugs at a friend 's house in st charles county , missouri in early march . his lungs and kidneys failed , and he suffered a stroke and severe brain damage . doctors warned that he will likely remain in a vegetative state . his mother , kelly smith-miller , wrote on facebook to deter others from taking drugs .
a subsequent galaxy poll found that 87 per cent of australians believe vaccinations should be mandatory . people who choose not to vaccinate their children must give up their childcare payments . they can seek exemptions if a doctor signs a form showing they understand the risks to their child if they do n't get vaccinated .
pennyhill park has heated outdoor hot tubs , hydrotherapy pools and a 25-metre heated swimming pool . the historic property , which has recently unveiled a # 500,000 makeover to its spa , is on the site of a warning beacon used as part of the defences against the spanish armada in 1588 .
the 84-year-old , who died on friday , talked about his cancer and the treatment he was undergoing with typical candour . benaud , who had n't returned to his commentary job for the nine network following a car accident in october 2013 in which he suffered serious injuries . he had been out walking with his beloved wife daphne for 40 minutes every morning in the hope that he could return to work .
alice kovach-suehn , 56 , from apopka , florida , was arrested last friday and charged with elderly neglect . police say they found the man in her care weighing only 89lbs . he told officers he was being starved and never allowed to eat anything but meat and ` dog feces ' .
luke shambrook was lost for four nights alone at lake eildon national park , northeast of melbourne . the 11-year-old autistic boy was found just three kilometres away from where he went missing . he is unlikely to suffer any long term effects from his traumatic ordeal . paediatrician amy gray said luke was still a bit weak and tired .
survey of 1,100 adults by vehicle leasing firm osv found 31 % have never washed their own car . three-quarters of women have never picked up a bucket and a chamois leather to clean their own motor . other reasons given for not washing cars include the rise of hand car washes .
researchers from germany , canada and the united states analysed answers to the hitler question , and others like it , from 6,100 people . they found that significantly more men than women would kill to save lives further down the line , while women were more troubled by the act itself and would often decide to do nothing .
the nfl has reinstated adrian peterson , allowing him to participate in all scheduled activities with the minnesota vikings . this after a ban that has been in effect since september 17 of last year following an incident in which he beat his young son with a switch . peterson met with the nfl two weeks ago to discuss his reinstatement , and at that point things did not look good for the star running back .
robert knowles , 68 , is a serial shoplifter who first broke the law when he was 13 and has been in court at least once a year since 1959 . the pensioner has broken the law so many times that prosecutors have lost track of his expansive record . he pleaded guilty to stealing a watch and a pair of cuff links worth # 50 from h samuel in the city centre at plymouth magistrates court .
actress miley cyrus decided to challenge convention and leave her underarms unshaved . how body hair helps your skin heal , but also has masses of blood vessels , nerves and fat around it . hair follicles are also rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal .
christine royles , 24 , of south portland , is suffering from kidney failure . organized fundraisers to reimburse dall-leighton for unpaid time away from work . someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $ 40,000 - it can be seen here . royles was 23 when she learned she had two autoimmune diseases .
alexis tsipras , greece 's prime minister , will meet vladimir putin in moscow today , amid reports that the kremlin will offer controversial loans and discounts on supplies of natural gas . the visit will raise fears the radical left government is looking east in search of alternative sources of finance as it bids to avoid bankruptcy .
roxy walsh , 34 , met with the ecstatic owners , joe and jenny langley , in noosa , on queensland 's sunshine coast , on sunday to personally return the ring . ms walsh found the ring at the finns beach club in south kuta , bali on tuesday and decided to take to social media to hunt for the owner . the langley 's granddaughter jade messaged the page saying she believes the ring belongs to her grandpa .
mahendra ahirwar , 12 , suffers from a rare condition that makes his neck bend and his head hang from his body . his weak backbone means he ca n't stand or walk and is restricted to a sitting position . his parents say they have consulted more than 50 doctors across india but none could diagnose his condition .
the 41-year-old australian woman was getting ready for a party to celebrate the new year when she started to wheeze . worried her asthma would get worse and ruin the festivities , she reached into her bag for her inhaler , according to doctors writing in the journal bmj case . despite this , she ignored the noise , believing it was due to a loose connection inside the device . doctors prescribed antibiotics to prevent any infection and then put a long , thin tube with a camera
the hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5 monde . they took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning . the channel 's director , yves bigot , said the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs , not live content .
in 2012 , the average 75-year-old woman could expect to live another 13 years and five weeks less than in 2011 . for a woman aged 85 , the expected span was six years and 42 weeks -- two and a half months less . life expectancy for english women is already among the worst in western europe .
margaret bates , from mottram , tameside , said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her daughter kelly-anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover james smith . too traumatised to speak about her only daughter 's death until now , mrs bates said : ' i know i should n't say this , but i wish i 'd killed him the first time i saw him . that way kelly would still be
zbigniew huminski , 38 , has confessed to strangling his nine-year-old victim . she was stripped naked and sexually assaulted after being forced into huminski 's car and driven to an isolated wood . huminski was banned from french territory after being convicted twice for acts of ` extreme violence ' including attacking a frail pensioner with a knife .
captain niloofar rahmani , 23 , is the first female pilot in the afghan military since the fall of the taliban in 2001 . last week she and nine other women from across the world were awarded the u.s secretary of state 's international women of courage award . she was just 18 when she heard a news announcement saying afghan air force wanted to recruit pilots .
a trend in japan has seen young women tying blue ribbon under their breasts for a better cleavage . the idea was inspired by a popular ` anime ' cartoon character whose ribbon-bound arms and chest has become her signature . in the show , called is it wrong to pick up girls in a dungeon , heroine hestia is depicted with a cartoonish face and outsized eyes .
princess eugenie looked glamorous at the love of cinema dinner in new york city on thursday . the 25-year-old royal has been living in the us for a year now . the cousin of princes william and harry looked serene in a chic white dress with gold embellishment .
ian gibson , 55 , was a lauded figure among u.s. safari enthusiasts . he was tentatively approaching the young bull elephant in zimbabwe 's zambezi valley when the animal charged , and knelt on gibson until he died . gibson was described by fans as ` fit and strong ' .
german body-painting artist joerg duesterwald spent hours painting his model so she would blend in with her surroundings . his shoots are complex and he works hard to ensure that the camera settings and location are perfect to get the best quality images . it looks like an ordinary forest , with moss climbing up the walls and brown leaves covering the floor .
roy day , 29 , and gerard lundie , 26 , targeted 13 homes over four months . they were each jailed for five years and four months at birmingham crown court . the duo stole a kia car from the drive of a property in castle bromwich , birmingham , on october 20 which was later found abandoned .
june whitfield is set to make a guest appearance in the bbc soap next week . her character will offer advice to jessie wallace 's character kat moon . the 89-year-old actress has also starred in hit terry and june and three installments of the popular carry on film series .
researchers from the department of psychology at stanford university used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters . they then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by fisher-price between 1971 and 1990 . at least six per cent -lrb- 400 out of the 6588 participants -rrb- learnt ` many of their matches ' from the 1970s and 1980s .
tippi hedren , muse to the famed director alfred hitchcock , has fun with her lion neil . the film billed , as the most dangerous ever made is making a return to the big screen nearly 35 years after its original release . noel marshall 's action-adventure film was originally released in 1981 and its 11-year production is infamous for the injuries received by 70 members of the cast and crew .
leanne kenny , 23 , from northwich , cheshire , reached almost 20st . the supermarket worker would snack on bumper bars of chocolate , baked goods and fizzy drinks going cheap because of their sell-by dates . after ditching the snacks leanne has lost 7st and now weighs in at 13st .
marli van breda , 16 , was released from hospital last month after she was struck several times on the head and her throat was slashed . the attack took place in her family 's south african home on january 27 and marli is now suffering from retrograde amnesia . doctors say the former presbyterian ladies ' college student may never remember what happened on the fateful day she tragically lost her father , mother and eldest brother .
campaigners are calling for the government to implement an almost 90-year-old law that would fix the date of easter . in 1928 , the easter act was passed in parliament to make sure that the holiday weekend would be a fixed date in april . both the house of commons and house of lords passed the act but it was unable to get the agreement of churches .
a number of people are currently paying around # 150 a week to live in flats in exclusive parts of mayfair and covent garden in london . the properties form part of affordable housing because of agreements with developers to provide low-cost provisions . many of them were built years ago in areas which have now become expensive and are worth millions of pounds .
president barack obama announced today $ 200 million in additional u.s. humanitarian aid to iraq . but declined to say whether washington would provide apache helicopters , drones and other arms to baghdad to help with the ongoing fight against isis . ' i think this is why we are having this meeting : to make sure that we are continually improving our coordination , ' he told a reporter .
america 's capital is filled with underwood wannabes : senators and governors with razor tongues and egos to match . the capital grille is a favoured venue for political plots . with crisply starched linen , glittering candlesticks and heavy silver cutlery , the decor suggests an atmosphere of civility and restraint .
prime minister said seven key tory policies would help get people on to property ladder . he said the ` greatest sunshine that there can possibly be ' included helping more people but their own home . mr cameron used the launch of the conservative party manifesto yesterday to promise voters ` security at every stage of your life ' .
nightclub promoters have apologised after a photo of a young woman sprawled out on a tiled-floor was used to advertise their easter weekend event . the photo was posted on soho nightclub 's facebook page on april 3 - a week after luke lazarus was sentenced for raping an 18-year-old at his father 's soho club . the owner of the venue in sydney 's kings cross was jailed for at least three years for the crime on march 27
jake shaw fell from the upper floor of the scout centre in switzerland . the 21-year-old was volunteering as a climbing instructor at kandersteg international scout centre . he was airlifted to hospital suffering severe injuries but died nine days later . lincolnshire central assistant coroner paul smith said death was an accident .
hannah moore , 20 , of broxburn , west lothian , posted images on instagram . she said : ` nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful ' . but two minutes later the mum of twins claims her account was deleted . she says the blocking of her account has made her think her body is ` clearly fat , ugly and disgusting ' .
a video posted on facebook shows motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilene , texas . the passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a ` substantial amount of money ' to be blown out . weatherford police department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens .
biso the cat was stuck behind a wall at the mohamed naguib metro station . he survived thanks to an elderly man who fed him scraps of food . now , the feline in finally free thanks to a social media campaign . animal rights activist mounira shehata said the smell was ` heinous ' .
chantelle doherty , 21 , of prestwich , greater manchester , was involved in a raid on the home of a 92-year-old man in which she and another man bluffed their way in . her friend martin lawrence , 27 , also targeted a man aged 99 claiming he owed him money for non existing paving work . doherty has now been jailed for two years after pleading guilty to burglary and fraud .
audrie pott , 15 , killed herself in 2012 after drinking gatorade laced with vodka at a friend 's party in their hometown of saratoga . she awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body . family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages .
vietnamese binh wagner , 3 , and her identical twin phuoc were left with fatally impaired liver function due to alagille syndrome . but their adopted father michael chose her to receive his liver , which was a perfect match . thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor , binh and her sister are both on their road to recovery .
sheriff mbye , also 18 , died in hospital after receiving multiple stab wounds in a scuffle outside a kfc restaurant in northfield , birmingham . police were called to bristol road south in birmingham just before 5pm on friday to reports of a stabbing . another 18-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of murder .
dante de blasio has been accepted into several top colleges including ivy league universities yale and brown . the mayor 's son , who is 17 and a senior at brooklyn technical high school , will make his decision by the end of the month . despite his six figure salary as mayor and six figure rental income from the two properties he and his wife own .
louise nesbitt was employed at perth mining exploration company dragon mountain gold . on january 12 last year she sent a text to her boss meant for her daughter 's boyfriend who was engaged as a contact plumber for the firm . in the message , she wrote : ` now remember ... -lsb- her employer -rsb- rob is a complete d *** ... we know this already so please try your best not to tell him that regardless of how much you might feel
scientists found that the anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis . they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin , the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease .
nasa recently signed a contract with commercial spaceflight companies spacex and boeing with the intention to produce craft capable of transporting astronauts to the iss . the spacewalks were in preparation for the arrival of multibillion pound commercial spacecraft , which nasa hope will be in operation by 2017 .
shannon dooley , 30 , has founded ` retrosweat ' - an eighties-inspired aerobics class in the style of jane fonda 's iconic workouts . described as ` freestyle aerobic workout , ' it is inspired by the era of old-school vhs workouts .
nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten . party strategist said ` something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . ukip campaign chiefs have now adopted a ` shotgun ' approach with a far fewer targets .
justin jackson , a florida man , has been carrying out the bizarre schemes in the hope of cashing in on the freebies . jackson is being sued by oprah 's tv network as well as love - the college basketball star who went on to be the president 's personal assistant .
lisa courtney , 26 , of hertfordshire , has spent most of her life collecting pokemon memorabilia of all shapes and sizes . the devoted fan travelled to japan when the 11th pokemon movie was released to get hold of exclusive merchandise that was n't available in europe . lisa clinched the guinness world record for the largest collection of pokemon items .
the two sets of maps include image mosaics and topographical views of the lunar landscape taken over a period of four years . the grey and white areas reveal higher peaks , while darker blues show deep craters . to the left of these craters , is oceanus procellarum , which is latin for ` ocean of storms ' .
married father-of-one maajid nawaz asked for two private sessions at strip club in east london . footage shows the prospective parliamentary candidate attempting to touch her arms and thighs , which is against the venue 's policy . manager jay shah said he was ` very drunk ' and bouncers threatened to throw him out several times .
the five-year-old was not the most likely candidate to take on six heavily armed troops . but that did not stop the palestinian youngster , dressed in full combat gear , from attempting to pelt israeli police with stones . the incident raised fears that palestinians are being encouraged to glorify violence .
delroy facey is accused of conspiring with non-league player moses swaibu and others to commit bribery . the 34-year-old is also alleged to have told a contact that some football conference teams would ` do ' a game in return for payment . facey made contact with mr spencer after discussing hyde 's poor run of form with a convicted match-fixer .
david adam pate from lancaster , north carolina , told his mother he enjoyed knifing ricky james 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in november 2013 . the 25-year-old serial criminal , who pleaded guilty to the murder on thursday , told police he just wanted to ` cut his dad gum head off , ' and that he cut him with a butcher 's knife , ` just like the one michael myers used in
wandsworth council in london has announced it is set to remove the rule giving an automatic place to a pupil 's brothers and sisters . this comes after it was revealed 80,000 children face missing out on their preferred primary school . in the most oversubscribed areas , four in ten pupils are expected not to get a place at their favourite school .
the footage was shot by a wildlife cruise company off the coast of wales . it shows a male contentedly ripping chunks of blubber off his prey . the water all around turns bloody , although killer seals are known to lurk in the waters off the continent , this is the first time they have been seen around britain .
kseniya soukeras , who is due in august , wants to name her unborn child michael after her late father . her husband nicholas prefers the greek name spyridon , after his own father . the couple has turned to the general public to help them make a decision .
ryan wray , 26 , was charged with second-degree felony forcible sexual abuse in relation to a series of alleged assaults that occurred between last october and his march 24 arrest . wray was tasked with keeping safe women who ` could no longer take care of themselves ' at parties at the off-campus frat house . the woman , who said she was drunk at the time , discussed the incident with other women who then reported having similar experiences .
alfred guy vuozzo , 46 , swore loudly as he was told he would not be eligible for parole for 35 years for murdering brent mcguigan , 68 , and his son , brendon , 39 . brent 's father , herbert , who was behind the wheel , later received a nine-month sentence for dangerous driving .
the alarm clock , called wakē , rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound . it emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner . it uses a white led to slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper 's face to gently wake them up , with the aim of making them feel alert faster . instead of relying on cameras , the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat .
uk oil & gas investments say they have discovered 100billion barrels worth of oil reserves in the weald basin . they are thought to lie at between 2,500 ft and 3,000 ft below the ground . this could reduce reliance on oil from the middle east and russia . but industry experts remained sceptical of the claims , with one describing them as ` overly optimistic ' .
yazidi girl released after nearly a year as a prisoner in islamic state . women and young girls from the religious minority are known to be kept as ` sex slaves ' . earlier this week , more than 200 yazidi women , children and elderly were released near kirkuk , northern iraq .
unnamed benefactor has donated # 1.5 million to bath abbey . the cash will be put towards the abbey 's restoration fund . the church has been granted # 10.4 million of heritage lottery funding . but only provided they can raise the additional # 7.1 million by the end of the year .
amy hughes , 26 , decided to take on the incredible challenge of running 53 marathons in 53 days last year . the sports therapist started her first marathon in chester on august 6 . incredibly , the challenge saw amy pound out 1,388 miles and go through five different pairs of trainers as she smashed the world record .
newcastle on a friday will do perfectly well , but if it 's real wild life you 're after , then a british safari is extraordinarily rewarding . the miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level . no one can see one and remain unchanged .
pete evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease . the 30-year-old woman , known only as hollie , wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013 . she said that she endured months of constant dizziness , altered temperature perception , extreme fatigue , numbness in her legs and feet .
jessica bialek , 37 , was last seen leaving her home on dudley street , in the south-eastern sydney suburb of coogee , about 8.30 am on wednesday . her husband , sabino matera , confirmed she was home shortly after 6:30 pm on thursday . police have confirmed she returned home , and she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance .
ryan reaves pulled out his own tooth after being checked into the glass by chicago blackhawks defenseman brent seabrook . it eventually fell into his hand and he gave it to a team trainer . reaves is n't the only hockey player to make headlines for being tough in the last week .
researchers studied the effects of liver transplants on pregnant and non-pregnant mice using a high-tech mri scanner at the hadassah medical school in jerusalem . they also found that pregnancy protected the rodents from tissue damage around the heart , which is also an irreversible part of the human ageing process .
isis was deemed inappropriate and removed from the hurricane list by the un 's world meteorological organization . as the name of an ancient goddess of egypt , isis had been on the wmo list of names for hurricanes in 2016 . isis is also used to describe the islamic state militant group , whose forces have captured large swathes of iraq and syria .
kathy hughes , 12 , landed his gyrocopter on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol last week to protest corruption in congress . on monday , hughes called his 80-mile journey to the capitol ' a huge thrill ' and shared footage of the flight from virginia , across washington d.c. and his safe landing on the lawn . he is now under house arrest at their ruskin , florida home as he awaits a hearing to
julia van herck , 42 , wore a size 26 to size 28 and would regularly comfort eat tubs of ice-cream and family-sized pizzas because she was scared that her husband might leave her . she has since slimmed down to 11 stone after binge eating following post-natal depression .
human rights watch found fighters were kidnapping women and children as young as eight , forcing them to marry and convert to islam . their actions amount to war crimes , many feel suicidal after their traumatic ordeal and need better medical and psychological support . one child interviewed said she was ` owned ' and raped by seven different men .
the creature , named hyalinobatrachium dianae , was found in the mountains of eastern costa rica and has a distinctive call . while most of its body is a brilliant lime green , like all species of glass frogs , the skin on its underside is see-though , making its organs easily visible . scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog , given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at a woolworths supermarket on easter sunday afternoon . she was due to marry her partner of five years on saturday . her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley said police hold concerns for ms scott 's welfare as her disappearance is reported to be out of character .
the map was created by writer levi pearson , who used a ufo sighting dataset from the national ufo reporting centre and open source software from cartodb . it seems to suggest we have more cosmic visitors than ever . sightings documented during the 1940s include the famous battle of los angeles and roswell ufo incident .
the mortgage wars will erupt again next week after hsbc announced a 1.99 per cent interest rate on a five-year fix . experts said it was the cheapest ever deal of its kind and described the move as ` astonishing ' . fifteen lenders had already cut rates across their ranges in the past week .
three youngsters won a competition to visit mi5 's london hq . the children got to attend a meeting with the security service 's director-general andrew parker . the group were allowed inside the hq 's hq after a series of ` difficult ' tests to show they are young spies in the making .
emma hannigan was told in 2005 that she carried the faulty brca1 gene . the 42-year-old opted to have a double mastectomy and oophorectomy . despite the drastic surgery , she received the diagnosis she had been dreading . she is now undergoing chemotherapy every three weeks .
youtuber dave hax 's new kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without using a peeler . the process starts by running the blade carefully around the middle of the potato . when they 're ready , drain the water into another pan , leaving the potatoes in the first one .
zachary davis was fifteen when he bludgeoned his mother 's skull 12 times as she slept and then set his family home ablaze . on tuesday , a court in hendersonville heard how davis , now 17 , laughed as he killed his mother melanie davis in august 2012 , leaving her bloodied and unrecognizable . davis is charged with first-degree murder and aggravated arson .
nadine crooks , 33 , was stunned to discover she was expecting again . she stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son joshua 18 months ago . doctors said she would never be able to conceive again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries .
more than 700 asiatic black bears , over a third of those held in captivity in vietnam , have allegedly been butchered in the past year alone . sources say owners are killing them to ` extract the last ounce of blood ' and selling their body parts to make chinese medicine .
the organizers of the homophobic protest at mcguffey high school in washington county encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt . the event was held last thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters .
californians have turned to techniques that utilize so-called ` gray water ' to help them meet the unprecedented new water-use restrictions imposed by governor jerry brown last week . those techniques may appear weird to some - like the toilet that doubles as a sink and used washing machine water used to water fruit trees . but these residents maintain it 's the inevitable future of water conservation .
flight lieutenant stephen beaumont took his treasured teddy bear on every flight . the pilot gave his teddy , named bea , a raf tie and printed the royal crest . he was known as one of ` the few ' , which comes from winston churchill 's phrase : ` never , in the field of human conflict , was so much owed by so many to so few ' .
ed sheeran took time out of his schedule to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital . the british singer was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia two weeks later . ms knight launched a social media campaign to catch sheeran 's attention and beg him to visit her in hospital .
richard rogers , a hawaii shipwreck chaser , worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii . the sunken yacht , which became known as ` pride of hawaii ' , was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the united states when it sunk just off kauai in april 1824 .
the robot took to the stage at star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california , where it literally ran rings around the retro droid on its spherical body . jj abrams , the film 's director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , but did not reveal how it works .
sir david nicholson is the latest expert to warn that ed miliband 's plans will not provide enough cash to keep the service going . he was branded the ` man with no shame ' after refusing to resign over the mid staffs scandal which led to 1,200 needless deaths . labour appointed him to run the nhs in 2006 .
nigel short , 49 , said women should accept they were ` hard-wired very differently ' . he made the comments when explaining why there were so few women in competitive chess . critics immediately pointed out he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster . mr short was the first english player to play a world chess championship match .
mary kay letourneau , 53 , and vili fualaau , 31 , spoke about the rape trial and their marriage in an interview with barbara walters on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary . the couple , who have two teenage daughters , met when she was in her second grade class in seattle . she then taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 .
davion navar henry only , 16 , became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system when in 2013 he stood up in a suit . he told worshipers at florida 's st mark missionary baptist church ; ` my name is davion and i 've been in foster care since i was born . i would be really appreciative . the best i could be ' . the boy was even interviewed by barbara wal
researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin e found in foods such as kale and almonds can mitigate the stress on immune cells . whenever a virus or other pathogen enters our bodies , the t cells0 jump into action , spreading rapidly . one sub-class of these cells , the cd8 + t cells , eliminate the virus by killing cells it has infected . but a week can pass before these t cells start to take their toll on a virus .
new app calculates what you would look like if you lost a specified amount weight . shown on the left is tv star james corden at his current weight , 210lbs -lrb- 95kg -rrb- , and on the right he is seen after digitally losing 60lbs -b- 27kg -rsb- . users are shown an original and a slimmer version , so they can compare how they would look before and after losing weight . visual health studios in colorado has developed
hillary clinton 's now-famous mystery mobile , an oversized , armored chevy van , stopped in iowa on tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle that hauled the former secretary of state from new york to the american midwest . unlike on monday when hillary stopped at an ohio chipotle for lunch , she popped into a coffee house in le claire , iowa , for a cup of joe - and of tea . at tuesday
mohammed waqar , 23 , and mohammed siddique , 60 , are accused of assaulting the youngster at the uk islamic mission 's -lrb- ukim -rrb- jamia mosque in sparkbrook , birmingham . the boy was allegedly slapped repeatedly for mistakes in his studies , including not reciting the koran correctly during religious lessons at the mosque .
the letter , dated may 7 , 1912 , was sent from white star lines to christopher moody , the brother of 24-year-old officer james moody . in it , company bosses demand # 20 - the equivalent of # 2,000 in today 's money - to have mr moody 's remains sent to his home in scarborough . say it will be the family 's job to pay for him to be transported to the morgue and for burial .
nikki balovich had taken off her diamond-encrusted silver ring as she was pregnant and her fingers were swollen . when she lost it , she suspected her 90-pound baby mastiff halli had swallowed it up , but there was no way of checking . finally , almost half a year later , the mystery was solved when the mother-of-three saw a post on a facebook sales site .
kendall schler finished a st. louis marathon third last year and was the female winner of it this year . officials concluded she did n't run the full course either year . schler 's actual course is unknown , the starting point of the race are suspiciously just three blocks apart .
martinhal beach resort in portugal is one of the best in the algarve for a luxury family holiday . the high-end resort , which opened in 2010 , is set within 25 hectares in the protected costa vicentina natural park . couples can overlook the ocean , read the papers , feast on fresh orange juice and enjoy a classy breakfast .
delonte martistee , 22 , and ryan calhoun , 23 , were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between march 10 and 12 . the two were arrested this week after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the spinnaker beach club in panama city , florida .
nine other worlds in total are now suspected to have some form of subsurface ocean containing far more water than is on earth . nasa has released an infographic explaining which worlds in the solar system are thought to have oceans under their surface . it followed claims by dr ellen stofan , chief scientist for the agency , that we could find life in the next ten or 20 years .
marisa curlen , a native of rye , new york , was discovered dead in her dormitory room friday from apparent alcohol poisoning . police were awaiting the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of death . it could take up to three months to find out what the college sophomore had in her system the night she died .
cristina coria , a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child , helped police nab the suspect and get back the bed of her husband 's custom-painted blue 2003 chevy stepside . in order to make it happen , the houston resident got a little help from facebook . the sequence of events leading up to the successful sting began on tuesday when the truck was stolen from coria 's driveway .
andras janos vass , 25 , was found guilty of human trafficking and racketeering felonies this week . he brought men to america with the promises of easy work and high wages . then took their travel documents , threatened their families , and made them spend 20 hours a day on sex work . he faces a maximum sentence of 155 years in prison - and will spend at least 21 behind bars .
isis fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western anbar province , despite the best efforts of the iraqi army and arriving shiite paramilitary reinforcements . prior to the current bout of fighting , some 400,000 iraqis were already displaced , including 60,000 in ramadi district .
new interactive map has revealed public opinion in all 50 states , 435 congressional districts and more than 3,000 counties . to create the map , researchers at yale university asked people if they believed global warming is happening and whether they were worried . they were also asked questions such as whether they would support research into renewable energies and what they think about carbon limits .
emmanuel sithole was captured on camera and shocking images show men stabbing him and beating him with a wrench . anti-immigrant violence has spread across south africa in recent weeks and the government has now sent in troops to control the riots . four south african men suspected of killing the mozambican man will remain in custody until a full trial .
manchester airport opened its second runway to clear the backlog of flights . some flights were delayed or diverted while a police helicopter scoured the area shortly after 11:30 am . flights resumed after the police search failed to turn up any evidence that a drone was operating in air space used by commercial airliners .
researchers at the swiss federal laboratories for material science and technology in dubendorf , switzerland , have found evidence that the rate at which temperatures are rising in the northern hemisphere could be 0.25 °c per decade by 2020 . different scenarios of future emissions showed that even at the lower end of greenhouse gas generation climate change picked up speed in the next 40 years .
the national guard was first activated in ferguson in august after missouri governor jay nixon declared a state of emergency . guardsmen were seen rolling through the streets in tanks wearing combat gear and carrying assault rifles . many in the community accused the national guard of making an already tense situation worse .
researchers from lancaster university wanted to see how these classifications and findings for individual words could be applied to passages of text and books as a whole . by scanning the brains of participants , researchers discovered ` arousing words ' affected parts associated with emotion . valence refers to how positive or negative a word is , while arousal refers to its ` physiological intensity ' .
david cameron has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family . dunphy , played by ty burrell , is one of the stand-out characters in the american show . he is convinced he is a cool parent , a view not shared by his three children or his wife claire .
the state , which supplies more than three-quarters of the world 's $ 4.93 billion -lrb- # 3.3 bn -rrb- almond market , is in its fourth year of drought . local residents attack the bottled water industry , after it was revealed that several companies have been ` taking advantage of poor government oversight to deplete mountain streams and watersheds ' .
the federal trade commission introduced the app in february as a ` safer ' place for kids to explore videos because it was restricted to ` family-focused content ' . but the consumer activists say the app is so stuffed with advertisements and product placements that it 's hard to tell the difference between entertainment and commercials .
graham palmer , 52 , has been giving safety announcements and other messages in verse since last year . he even customises the self-penned couplets according to the stations his carriages are passing through . palmer has worked on trains since 2006 after a career working with glass and five years as a handyman for age concern teesside .
texas health resources filed a response on friday to the march 2 lawsuit by nurse nina pham . pham , who remains employed at texas health presbyterian hospital dallas but has not returned to work , seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit . the hospital also respected pham 's privacy and only acted with her consent .
zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home . when price gave birth at homer g. phillips hospital , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died . but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption .
thabo sefolosha made the statement through his club 's twitter account . he said that his injury had left him in ` great pain ' and ` was caused by the police ' . he was arrested alongside teammate pero antić for trying to prevent police from setting up a crime scene .
fears for two new strains of influenza , which caused a spike in deaths in europe and the united states , will see the arrival of an improved vaccination on australian shores . stocks of the influenza vaccine are arriving a month later than expected . experts say the modified version of the vaccination is worth waiting for . but dr alan hampson , who chairs the influenza specialist group , said everyone should be getting the vaccine , which also provided protection against influenza a strain h1n1 .
tyrus byrd , 40 , was sworn into office in parma last week , but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force . there are 713 people living in the community and , according to the us census bureau , 57percent are white and 41percent are black .
italian bio-designers mhox has unveiled project is working on to 3d print organic tissues to produce working body parts . the group plan to combine the biological tissue with microscopic wireless technology to provide additional functions . while currently just a concept , the project raises the prospect of what bio-engineering may make possible in years to come .
stephen king has announced sony will be putting his ` magnum opus ' the dark tower in cinemas . the eight-book series written between 1970 and 2012 follows a ` gunslinger ' on his journey towards a tower . king said it combines the essences of the wild west , science fiction , and lord of the rings .
cindy santamaria-williams , of stroudsburg , pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on easter sunday . police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught . police said they are using mall surveillance to try and identify the attackers .
young fisherman in thailand reeled in catch of the day after hooking a fish with a plastic toy fishing rod . but at this point it is n't clear whether or not he has hooked anything . he then crouches down by the side of the water and moves his rod from side to side while reeling .
when most parents put their mind to disciplining their child , a trip to the naughty step starts to look like a weekend a way at butlins . parents often struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- . one reddit user 's mother used her son 's naughty behaviour as a cheap means to improve her house .
marilyn zuniga , a teacher at forest street school in orange , new jersey , controversially had her third graders write letters to mumia abu-jamal and then sent them to the cop killer as he was recovering in hospital . she has now been suspended without pay , pending an investigation .
a traditional wedding march played as the love-struck pooches were led down the aisle by their owners to ` exchange vows ' and receive marriage certificates . organisers set up lavish flower arches and banquet tables in the park , where the couples showed off their outfits . the ceremony was designed to raise awareness of animal rights .
the shadow chancellor refused to rule out a five-point rise in corporation tax . he was also evasive about the 40p rate of income tax into which millions of people have been dragged in recent years . the main rate has been brought down under the coalition from 28 per cent to 21 per cent .
brighton holds the ultimate fantasy for fans of the lewis carroll classic , with not one but two alice in wonderland themed houses . the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , queen of heart themed bunk beds , or alternatively try the snug looking glass cottage .
indonesia 's plan to execute myuran sukumaran and andrew chan has not dented australian tourist visits to the island . the number of australians visiting bali over the past two months was up 16.7 per cent from the same period last year . indonesia institute president ross taylor says it is unfortunate the fate of bali nine drug smugglers is probably third on the list .
cleopatra was known for her love of perfume , liberally applying lotus and rose oil to her upper lip . perfume really can make us more attractive . perfumers spend vast amounts of time and money creating fragrances that evoke positive feelings of satisfaction and sensuality . there are ingredients with a proven track record of evoking other strong subconscious reactions .
the singer has written a letter to the just group imploring them to cease their use of angora wool . the australian retail giant , who own just jeans , portmans , dotti , peter alexander , jacqui e , and jay jays , have so far refused to back down on their stance in using the controversial fur . peta australia has been petitioned to reconsider their position after successfully getting other retailers , including david jones , myer ,
barbie 's style-centric instagram account launched last august . swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of her ` official style feed ' . vip invites that go into producing the doll 's hugely popular page . the doll could also be presented in a more editorial way , taking inspiration from fashion magazines .
ophelia conant managed to crawl through a gap in the cot at her home in buckinghamshire , but was left hanging mid air by her neck . the 19-month-old was only saved when her mother , louise conant , happened to be watching the incident unfold on a baby monitor . days later a second toddler was found dangling from the # 450 bed with his forehead jammed against the horizontal handrail .
grand rapids , michigan police have an arrest warrant out for suspect jalin smith-walker in connection to the monday evening fight . in december , she was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting . the 19-year-old has been accused of wreaking havoc with her car .
stefan stoykov , 18 , moved to the us from bulgaria as an eight-year-old . now he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet . brown , columbia , cornell , dartmouth , harvard , penn , yale and princeton have all come knocking .
chloe jackson , 19 , from norfolk , appeared on this morning to talk about how facebook makes her feel lonely . half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely at some point . 43 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds admitted they wished they had more friends .
education secretary michael fallon led a ferocious assault on the labour leader -- claiming he is a ` backstabber ' who can not be trusted not to sell out in a ` grubby ' deal with the snp . tories also pointed to a survey suggesting up to three-quarters of labour election candidates oppose the replacement of trident .
fast food giant has caused fury after installing metal studs outside its branch in leeds city centre . critics say the spikes are there to stop people sleeping rough . mcdonald 's has defended the use of the spikes , claiming they were installed two years ago in an attempt to stop anti-social behaviour .
aueel manyang was moved from the intensive care unit at the royal children 's about 5.15 pm on friday , and greeted her distraught mother , akon goode , with a ` big hug ' . mr manyang said his daughter was expected to make a ' 100 per cent ' recovery and she should be allowed to go home within four days . the five-year-old girl who survived when a car driven by her mother plunged into a lake at wyndham
the oklahoma transportation network company services act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity . sen. jason smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination . the new version of the bill faced fierce criticism from sen. john sparks , a norman democrat who tried unsuccessfully to amend the measure .
the house on the market and last sold four years ago for $ 5.5 m . artwork like these paintings at 1 madeline street in hunters hill and photo collages can add plenty to your home 's appearance . in most parts , the australian property market remains at record high levels .
jo burston , 43 , achieved a turnover of $ 40 million in her first four years of business . the australian entrepreneur 's ballsy attitude helped land her an investor in very unusual circumstances for her first business job capital . burston is a leading technology services firm that handles payroll services , migration , salary packaging and contract-management .
philip hammond pledged to protect the falklands from ` argentinian bullying ' . argentine government said it was taking legal action against three british and two us companies for ` exploration activities for fossil fuels ' . legal complaint listed rockhopper exploration , premier oil , falkland oil and gas limited .
hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . the advert features julia , 58 , of mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old . gladwell has called for the new tips from former smokers ad , commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention , to be banned .
oscar wilde said he ` would n't trust a nun with a crutch ' -lrb- stock image -rrb- . during his long career as a customs specialist , frost has had ` to politely listen to people lying through their teeth at you ' . hospitals were put on the alert to look out for ` anyone who had trouble sitting down ' .
karen buckley , 24 , disappeared from glasgow club in early hours of sunday . cctv cameras filmed her talking to a man outside the club before getting into his car and travelling to his flat in kelvindale . but fears over the irish student 's safety were heightened yesterday . police revealed they had tracked down the man and he is not being treated as a suspect .
keith macdonald , 29 , from sunderland , has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers - and is estimated to cost the taxpayer over # 2million . he was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he 's split from the unborn child 's mother . macdonald says he gets most of his women by chatting them up on the bus .
the man , found on the streets of gniezno in western poland , told police he has no memory of who he is or where he is from . local police have released pictures and information and are working with experts to identify where his accent is . the man has remained in a psychiatric unit at the hospital , but his memory has yet to return .
freddie gray , 27 , died sunday after he ` had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by four bicycle officers . baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake vowed to ensure the city held ` the right people accountable ' after his early-morning death . gray 's stepfather , richard shipley , confirmed the death of his stepson .
dennis sears changed his will to leave everything to live-in home help nermin kancefer months after she moved in to his # 615,000 flat . his family claimed the carer exploited the ` vulnerable ' childless widower , who had parkinson 's disease and was in poor health . but the mother-of-one insists mr sears had a change of heart after falling out with his family .
robin esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years . his best stories are from his days as editor of the william hickey gossip column . he answered the phone and an aristocratic voice said : ` marlborough here . that 's the sort of thing you like to print in your newspaper , is n't it ? ' .
david cameron is said to have watched bake off in the past which could explain these cake cases . many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites which often include a ` gift ' category . david cameron has previously revealed that he has watched the great british bake off .
channel ten show the project has apologised after mistakenly using footage of the wrong african-american comic when promoting upcoming guest on the show . saturday night live star michael che retweeted a video from a fan to more than 144,000 followers . che and pharoah are both in australia to perform a string of shows at melbourne 's international comedy festival .
the charge came to light when easyjet customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after french air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month . the association of european airlines confirmed last night that no other airline has attempted to charge for this . however , a spokesman for easyjet defended the airline 's position .
in essex and kent , crime victims are waiting up to a third longer . response times in some areas have been increased by up to 50 per cent . in bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes . shadow home secretary yvette cooper said the victims of crime were being put at risk .
robert ewing , 60 , accused of murdering paige chivers , 15 , between august 23 and august 27 , 2007 . police investigate site in thornton cleveleys in lancashire during search . paige was 15 when she vanished after a row with her father at their seaside home . ewing was arrested in connection with her disappearance in september last year .
the omura 's whale was discovered on a remote exmouth beach in wa . it is the first sighting of the species in wa and only the second in australia . the species is usually found in indonesian waters , the philippines and the sea of japan . environment minister albert jacob said the find was ` highly significant ' .
the duchess of cambridge wore a # 35 asos polka-dot dress to seraphine shifts . the 33-year-old wore a brown shirt dress from hobbs to visit foster carers in north london in november . hobbs is a mid-range label that has taken her through everything from glamorous evening events to international tours .
mohammed nisar , 55 , had been driving sole trader adrian quinn to walsall train station when the passenger hopped out of the vehicle . he had been carrying the hefty sum of money after cashing a cheque from his inheritance following the death of his mother . on realising his mistake says he felt ` dazed ' .
russian oil billionaire roman abramovich said the oceans are still so little-explored that billionaires are queuing up to buy vessels that give them a glimpse of the dramatic seascapes . the orcasub does not come cheap and will set you back # 1,284,169 -lrb- $ 1.9 million -rrb- .
erica ann ginneti , 35 , a married mother of three from philadelphia , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . during her sentencing , montgomery county court judge garrett d. page reportedly asked ` what young man would not jump on that candy ? ' . before sentencing her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student . page made the ` dangling candy ' comment as he chastised ginnet
harriet harman has refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel , alcohol , tobacco or air fares . she told lbc radio : ` we rule out increasing vat , the basic or the higher rate of tax , we will not put up the national insurance rates ' .
austrian designers , maya pindeus , 24 , and johanna pichlbauer , 25 , have created a robot that takes the effort out of applying make-up . the device applies eyeliner with a long black brush , while an attachment smears lipstick on lips , before lighting up when the process is complete . women were filmed testing the machine for the two university of vienna students ' art project entitled beautification .
graeme finlay , 53 , is accused of attacking husband ronald and june phillips . the couple were on a 14-night holiday based in the canary islands . they were ambushed outside their room by a passenger who had earlier sat with them in the restaurant and claims he was snubbed .
dave heeley , 57 , from west bromwich , ran the gruelling challenge over six days as he battled through sand dunes , dried river beds and rocks . the super-fit father-of-three took part in the marathon des sables where competitors carry provisions on their backs and temperatures can rise to 50 degrees .
the head of the royal college of nursing said nurses who faced five years of pay freezes would struggle to comprehend the six per cent pay rise . patient groups said the packages were indefensible when patients were seeing spiralling waiting times and cuts to routine procedures . professor jane dacre called for an independent review of top nhs pay .
dzhokhar tsarnaev murdered their 8-year-old son and permanently maimed their daughter , but bill and denise richard do not want to see him executed . in a moving op-ed for the boston globe , the richards have asked that tsarnaev be spared the death penalty so that they can finally get closure on the darkest chapter of their lives . the penalty phase of the trial starts next week , in which the jury will decide whether to sentence tsarnaev to death
the 34-year-old star of the only way is essex 's updated fashion range . she teamed the ruched blue and pink dress with a pair of simple black stilettos and a golden tan . gemma revealed much of her triumph comes from inspiring voluptuous women to feel more confident .
indiana has seen a ` significant increase ' in the number of cases of hiv more than two weeks into a short-term needle exchange program approved by gov. mike pence . there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county , about 30 miles north of louisville , kentucky . that 's up from 106 last week , said the indiana state department of health . officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect
sabrina osterkamp was last seen leaving her home in naracoorte on sunday . the 25-year-old was driving a friend 's car about 110km south to mount gambier in south australia 's southeast . the car she was driving was discovered the same afternoon on bay road in the heart of the german tourist .
the eight-inch , 250-year-old sex toy was found during a dig at the city of gdansk . it was found in the latrine and dates back to the second half of the 18th century . archaeologists at the site earlier discovered old swords leading them to suspect that the place was once a school of swordsmanship .
bank overdraft fees to charges for booking tickets and even spending a penny . but of all the fees consumers have to fork out for the ones they hate the most . a total of 48 per cent thought they should be free , while 31 per cent said they are too high and 15 per cent say they are often hidden .
noelle baynham was found by a close friend who let himself in . the 61-year-old collapsed and died following an accidental overdose . pathologist could not determine exact cause of death because the dogs , who were trapped in the house , ate parts of her vital organs . concerned friend grant donovan made the ` horrific ' discovery of her remains .
waitrose announced the early arrival of its first british tomatoes of the year . it is stocking large jack hawkins , aromatic red choice and tiny baby plums . the supermarket has been stocking asparagus since the beginning of the month . strawberries are also already on the shelves - far earlier than normal .
abdul hadi arwani , 48 , was shot dead on a street in wembley on tuesday . his family have paid tribute to ` the most peaceful man you could ever wish to meet ' as counter-terror police continue to investigate his murder . the father of six was found slumped in a volkswagen passat with wounds to his chest .
the city of 100,000 souls on the shores of lake titicaca could leave you breathless for all the wrong reasons . hotels stock oxygen to revive tourists from soroche - altitude sickness - an affliction that causes shortness of breath , headaches and worse . at the town 's busy port , you 'll see a gunboat called the yavari , which has a distinctively british look .
naomi , 44 , and jourdan dunn , 24 , have been unveiled as the faces of burberry 's new eyewear range . the second joint campaign for the catwalk stars sees them cuddling up on set and modelling the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine - a fabric invented by thomas burberry .
health gurus are touting pumpkin seed oil as the next big thing . pumpkin seeds are rich in vitamins a , k and e , as well as vital minerals . zinc and vitamin e from the pumpkin seed can also improve the skin 's healing process , helping to fight off acne , beat scarring and maintain skin renewal .
teenager from mossley , greater manchester , wanted to obtain abrin . he was caught after an investigation was launched by the north west counter-terrorism unit in january . the dark web is a subsection of the deep web - the part of the internet that does not show up in searches or on social media .
jia huaijin , 33 , now hand-makes swords in rural china that sell for up to # 22,000 each -- nearly 18 times the monthly salary of chinese president xi jinping . mr jia uses the 2,000-year-old technique to make the traditional swords , which are highly sought after by international collectors from as far as canada .
the group , which included military personnel as well as civilians , were waiting to receive their monthly salaries as crowds bustled around them . one witness said a man in a suit arrived on a motorbike seconds earlier . it is not clear whether ghani relied on this for his remarks or if he had other intelligence at his disposal .
the australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the beckhams and kimye by bringing their children to fashion week . pixie curtis was the youngest attendee at toni maticevski 's spring/summer 2015-2016 mercedes benz fashion week australia show .
the uss theodore roosevelt and eight other combat vessels have been deployed to the yemeni coast . their assault is aimed at crushing the houthis who have already taken over regions in northern yemen . the coalition of arab countries backed by america continued its aerial assault on the rebels in the country today .
the knightsbridge flat , london , is on sale for a fraction of the price of neighbouring homes . the cost would work out at # 191,000 per year , which is around the going rate for renting a three-bedroom flat in the area . but if any buyer decides to extend the lease , the property could be worth upwards of # 6 million .
janek zylinski , son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring he had ` had enough ' of the ukip leader . the polish prince says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th century polish aristocrat and an english gentleman would do .
isabelle obert , a nutrition consultant , believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet . she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility , plus some tips on how to prepare them ... avocados are nutritional powerhouses packed with minerals , vitamins , essential fats , carbohydrate and fibre .
labour leader says bobby on the beat is ` at risk of disappearing ' . rising numbers of serious criminals ` are being let off the hook ' . comes after the chaotic launch of a plan to abolish non-dom tax status for foreigners and a deeply personal row with the tories over claims he ` stabbed his brother in the back ' .
petri kurti , 13 , murdered glynis bensley , 47 , in smethwick , west midlands . schoolboy , who can be named after judge lifted reporting restriction order . co-defendant zoheb majid , sentenced to 10 years behind bars for manslaughter and robbery .
jeremy clarkson said receiving a cancer warning was one of the most stressful experiences of his life . the 55-year-old was sacked by the corporation after an ` unprovoked physical and verbal ' attack in hawes , north yorkshire . he said the show about cars had come to dominate his life after his divorce from wife frances and the death of his mother shirley .
the four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden . around 25 years ago , the distinctive toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today . the blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property and the windows upstiars are also a homeden original .
jessica bialek , 37 , vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30 am on wednesday morning . she returned to her coogee home , in sydney 's south-eastern suburbs . her husband sabino matera issued a heartfelt thank you to everyone who helped find his wife .
police have issued a photo of a brown haired , caucasian male wearing a black top who they want to speak to after a fire was started at st mary 's catholic church in dandenong . the fire was one of a string of suspected arson attacks on three melbourne catholic churches with links to paedophile priests .
young harry was out with his parents in cambridge on bank holiday . he was caught under a cyclist 's wheel and dragged along the path . the 18-month-old was dragged face first for 3ft along the pavement . police have now urged the cyclist to contact officers over the incident .
stephanie scott went missing on easter sunday and her body was found in nearby bushland the following friday . her father robert said it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to . a guest list of 120 people had been invited to ms scott 's wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue .
jim jepps used a blog called the daily maybe to defend ` rape fantasies ' . describe paedophiles as ` complex human beings ' and question why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register . couple met five years ago when ms bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her , but now the green party stresses they do not ` want to be associated ' with his internet rants .
in march 2013 , musk contacted google co-founder larry page , according to the excerpt of his biography elon musk : tesla , spacex and the quest for a fantastic future , which will be published may 19 . musk proposed that google buy for $ 6 billion and promise an additional $ 5 billion in factory expansions .
linda mclean was in her classroom at pine eagle charter school in the tiny town of halfway in august of that year when a masked man in a hoodie burst in with a gun . the 56-year-old elementary school teacher had no clue it was a drill to test her ` preparedness ' or that the gun was loaded with blanks . now , years after learning of the ` harebrained scheme , ' oregon live reports that mclean is still traumatized by the
max maisel , 21 , went missing on february 21 and was last seen leaving his vehicle near lake ontario , new york . his body was spotted by a fisherman 200 yards from a coast guard station on monday , the rochester democrat and chronicle reported . the family have owned a five-bedroom vacation house near the area he went missing since 1999 .
the brothers of men convicted of sex offences are five times more likely to be convicted of such crimes . biggest study of its kind suggests sex offending could run in the family along the male genetic line . the savile 's , including alleged sex abusers johnny and jimmy savile , are pictured in a family portrait from the 1930s .
the philadelphia eagles officially signed quarterback tim tebow to a one-year contract on monday . tebow has n't played a snap in the nfl since being cut by the new england patriots before the 2013 season . the team announced the contract monday but did not disclose the financial terms of the deal the club reached with the 2007 heisman trophy winner .
kate t. parker , from atlanta , georgia , was inspired to create her aptly-titled series strong is the new pretty . pouring over photos she snapped of her daughters ella , nine , and alice , six , playing sports and enjoying their childhoods . ms parker photographs her daughters and their friends playing sports .
researchers examined 7,000-year-old ancient pollen and charcoal samples from the nile to piece together the time . they found evidence of a ` mega drought ' in the area . the droughts brought fires , famine and social unrest to the region . pollen grains obtained from the bottom of the sea of galilee have also provided similar evidence that the region endured a 150 year drought between 1250bc and 1100bc .
the golden suit is making a special two month appearance at the elvis at the o2 exhibition from sunday . even during presley 's lifetime , the tuxedo carried a level of mystique . his manager colonel tom parker had it ferried to concert venues in an armoured truck and under armed guards as a way of drumming up more press coverage .
mick tabone , 74 , ran johnstone river crocodile farm and zoo in far-north queensland first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989 . for 20 years the farmer would sit on the enormous creature 's back while he chatted to him , and never once felt as though he was in danger . rangers had already been trying to capture gregory , who had apparently been killing cattle in eubenangee swamp near mirriwinni , 70 kilometres
the three mormons , all from utah , have realized that they are transgender - a designation not officially recognized by the church of latter day saints . church doctrine states that anybody who takes their transgender identity to the extent of gender reassignment surgery can not be baptized . annabel jensen , grayson moore and sara jade woodhouse , have found a way to exist within the mormon universe .
the unnamed caller gave the operator a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind rafi meitiv , 10 , and his sister dvora , 6 , in silver spring on sunday . the caller said he saw ` two kids that are unaccompanied , and they 've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves ' . the operator asked , ` have you talked to them to see , you know , why are they just walking around by themselves ? ' .
adelaide crows captain taylor ` tex ' walker was pictured offering a helping hand to satine cahill who burst into tears just moments before leading the afl side onto the field . the 24-year-old goal scorer and the blonde schoolgirl was captured by photographers and has been doing the rounds on social media .
westley capper , 37 , has admitted driving agnese klavina , 30 , away from the nightspot in the upmarket costa del sol resort of puerto banus . police believe he was forced into the vehicle . and the overweight expat showed he was in little mood for co-operating by refusing to be questioned after being summonsed to court yesterday .
justin welby will say in easter sermon that 148 christian students slaughtered by somali gunmen were ` witnesses ' to their faith and suffered ` cruel deaths ' . comments follow pope francis ' denunciation of the ` senseless ' killings at garissa university college , in which christians were singled out and shot .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , was charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor following the incident at their evans , georgia home . the mom-of-five , who admitted to turning towards alcohol during her divorce , also allegedly had sex with a 18-year-old man in the bathroom during the party . earlier this week , her daughter defended her actions , saying : ` everyone makes mistakes ' .
charlotte li , 26 , from london , decided to design healthy selfie with her husband joe after they both achieved incredible results . she said the idea for it came after an over-indulgent christmas left her feeling ` fat and unhealthy ' . joe also charted his own success through a series of selfies .
the kids ' club is the best we have experienced . our girls make paper bag whales , cork puppets and chalk drawings . we use the club as a drop-in once or twice a day , using our free time to explore the 5,000 acres of hotel grounds and the surrounding preserve .
video shows the jihadi attempting to launch an attack on kurdish peshmerga forces near kirkuk in northern iraq . but as the car approaches , it hits what appears to be a roadside bomb , catapulting the vehicle at least 100ft into the air . just as it begins to fall back down to earth , the car detonates like a firework , either due to the explosives on board or the fuel tank igniting .
edwin ` jock ' mee allegedly told 18-year-old he could help her get a visa . he is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 . one woman told southwark crown court that she saw mee as a father figure after he helped her join the army .
gerry pickens , 28 , was fired by the chief of police in orting , washington , after just under a year on the town 's police force . but before his probation year was out , pickens said he had become the butt of racist jokes from residents and his fellow cops . he was eventually fired for reasons he says are down to the color of his skin .
salane allman died late friday in a single-vehicle crash near cartersville , georgia . burns ' vehicle went off the road just before midnight as it approached a curve , striking a mailbox and a tree . burns was one of five people who founded the band in jacksonville , florida , and played on its first two albums .
gaza police have seized the work ` under a court order ' from bilal khaled . he is accused of buying the work painted on a door belonging to the darduna family without telling them its real value . khaled said it ` will be stored at khan yunis public library until this issue is resolved ' .
robert mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle when he arrived into south africa for a state visit today . the comical image emerged amid claims the president of zimbabwe is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him . mugabe reportedly had no fewer than 27 bodyguards suspended for failing to stop his embarrassing fall .
sir ranulph fiennes , 71 , completed the most gruelling stage of the desert race today . he was forced to lie down intermittently during the last few hours of the run . previously suffered two heart attacks and has undergone a double heart bypass , a cancer operation and is in an ongoing fight with diabetes .
doug hughes , 61 , spent two years planning his stunt , which involved crossing the no-fly zone with letters for all 535 members of congress . now under arrest , he has been chaperoned back to his home in ruskin , florida , where he will wear an electronic tag until his first court hearing in washington , d.c. , next month . he is expected to issue a statement today and has until 10am on monday to register with a probation
neil macgregor , 68 , has been at the helm of the museum since 2002 . he said it was ' a difficult thing ' to decide to leave after 13 years . the museum in great russell street is ` now ready to embark on a new phase ' . neil 's a history of the world in 100 objects book and radio 4 series were wildly popular .
richard ilczyszyn , 46 , lost consciousness on the orange county-bound flight . his wife kelly , who is a southwest flight attendant , is filing a wrongful death suit against the airline for failing to act . a southwest spokesman said staff are trained to treat such behavior - screaming and crying in the bathroom .
tiger woods was on the ninth hole when he found himself 470 yards away from the pin with the ball nestled in pine straws . the four-time champion at augusta slammed the club into a root , causing him to wince and grab his hand in agony . he later revealed his wrist bone had ` popped out ' of place .
labour leader announced plans to overhaul britain 's non-domicile regime . allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax . later emerged labour is proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years . but tax advisers immediately disputed this , saying driving non-doms would cost the treasury significant sums .
the trailer for abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio was deemed offensive by facebook . the video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on sunday . the show 's co-creator rachel clements called facebook 's decision to remove the video ` silly and disrespectful ' .
david hibbitt , 33 , was diagnosed with the disease in july 2012 . doctors told him the cancer was terminal - so he decided to try cannabis oil as a last resort and bought it from a local dealer for # 50 a gram . now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in january .
kathy bush , now 27 , was arrested in 1996 after her mother kathy was accused of making her ill on purpose . in the first years of her life , jennifer was in and out of hospitals , as doctors struggled to find a solution to her near chronic illness . a health care worker later reported kathy to authorities , suspecting the woman of purposefully poisoning her daughter with extra doses of medicine . kathy 's lawyer blames the investigation on menchausen syndrome by proxy - a
lindsey vonn was back at augusta to watch beau tiger woods play in the second round of the masters . the former world number one has been under intense scrutiny after struggling badly with his chipping when last seen on the pga tour . if spieth wins he would tie the record for the youngest winner in masters history with woods .
only the japanese , south koreans and singaporeans are moodier when day breaks . people in these three countries have an excuse -- they spend less time in bed . but while we might sleep longer , we do n't feel as refreshed in the morning . the app then comes up with a ` sleep score ' for the user .
justin bettman caught the media 's attention a few months ago when he began his ` set in the street ' project . he would build sets that , in pictures , looked like the inside of a living room , child 's bedroom , or a bathroom complete with a clawfoot tub . the photo shoot actually took place on the edge of the water in williamsburg , brooklyn , where the couple had their first date .
the dmz was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the north from the south . it features an ` overlapping ' of military installations along the coast as it nears the border with the north . surfer shannon aston said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in south korea as a teacher .
mitchelle blair , 35 , is charged with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture . court officers carrying out a march 24 eviction at the family 's apartment found the frozen corpses of stoni ann blair and 9-year-old stephen gage berry . blair also said alexander dorsey was ` never there ' for his children .
the mercury is expected to reach 25c -lrb- 77f -rrb- in the south east today . this will beat marseille , athens at 21c , rome at 19c and madrid at 18c . temperatures will drop slightly tomorrow as fresher weather arrives .
the man , named by chinese media as mr zhang , arrived at his mother 's house and found that she was n't home . neighbours told him that she had left early that morning with the intention of meeting him . when he returned to the scene he found his mother covered in blood and dying .
nicola sturgeon said for the first time she would regard an ` out ' vote in the tories ' proposed poll on eu membership as justification to reopen the question of breaking up the uk . she also revealed that she intends to be in london on may 8 - the day after the general election .
david , 53 , and wife sandra , 52 , from plymouth , were harassmed by david 's sister anne just weeks before the big day . the couple managed to piece their plans back together in time for their winter wedding though they subsequently took anne to court for harassment . sandra first met david after his 20-year marriage fell apart and her friend anne suggested they meet .
police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is , but a police report confirmed the man was detained with scott and put in the back of a police car . the man , who is not a relative , could be able to shed light on what happened between officer michael slager pulling the pair over - and the beginning of the bystander video which shows scott being shot dead . police are now reviewing the earlier case in light of the shooting of mr scott .
clint gee made the almost six hour journey from his home outside brisbane to wandoan in regional queensland . the local council failed to dig a spot where he could place his mother , elizabeth hobbs , who died in 1964 . mr gee wanted to follow through on a promise he made to his mother to reunite the pair .
clarence taylor , 44 , faked his own kidnapping by duct taping his mouth and tying himself to a tree in akron , ohio . on november 1 , taylor 's 45-year-old girlfriend called police saying he had been missing for several days . while she was on the phone with investigators , the girlfriend received a call from another friends who said he had found him tied to the tree . taylor told police that a group of men tied him to the tree
prince harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the australian war memorial in canberra . he gurned like a good-un , making himself an instant hit with younger fans . the prince is in australia to report for official military duty but he enjoyed his interaction with excited fans .
snp stalwart , 44 , wore the opinion-splitting ensemble for her appearance on the bbc contenders ' debate last night . another viewer says the dress was grey , but he has concluded it was green . but the coalition invitation issued to labour leader ed miliband - made headlines on twitter .
the 34-year-old mom , who married rapper kanye west in may last year , spoke with elle.com about her daughter 's budding independence and style preferences . kim said that if she turns around for a second , north will have her lipstick ` all over her face ' .
daniel boykin , 33 , plead guilty to charges of unlawful photography , aggravated burglary , wiretapping , unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes . in apologizing for his actions in court thursday , boykin admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at nashville international airport . at the time of his arrest last year , the woman was found with 92 videos of the victim -- 29 taken from the airport bathroom -- and 1,527 photographs . they believe he intended to plant hidden cameras at
shanay walker 's death was the culmination of ` repeated acts of cruelty ' . kay-ann morris included having food shoved in her mouth and being struck on the hands with a hairbrush . the 23-year-old , who was an aspiring police officer , was later arrested and charged with murder .
new figures revealed at least 112,000 motorists were given fines or appeared in court for motorway offences last year . increase put down to introduction of ` smart motorways ' which use the cameras to police speed limits which are varied according to the driving conditions . labour has pledged to repaint them yellow so they are easier for drivers to spot .
janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend in crawley , west sussex , as part of her rehabilitation when she moved a wooden pallet to help them reverse . she now has two black eyes and a suspected fractured leg after smashing her face on the pallet and was left in a ` splits ' position .
alan lawrence created a photo series called ` wil can fly ' in which his 18-month-old son , wil , appears to be flying in many different scenes . lawrence said he once believed having a child with down syndrome would put limits on what he and his family could accomplish . instead , little wil has taken the limits off the child and given him a one-of-a-kind ability to fly . the family recently started a kickstarter campaign .
farouk younis , the imam of the masjid e zakaria , said muslims must talk to other teenagers who ` might be looking at them and thinking this is the way ' . the 17-year-olds from dewsbury , west yorkshire , are believed to have fled to war-torn syria after travelling to turkey on tuesday .
christian longo murdered his wife and three children in oregon in 2001 . he went on a booze-fuelled holiday to the resort of cancun , mexico , where he posed as a shamed new york times reporter - before he was captured by the fbi . now a film about his life , true story , starring james franco and jonah hill , has been released .
the first family pictured outside alfred street baptist church in alexandria , virginia , on sunday morning . rev howard-john wesley opened the service by welcoming the president , before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him . it acted as the warm up for the annual easter roll , during which barack and michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to uptown funk .
paula duncan revealed her battle with depression and attempt to take her own life in an interview with studio 10 . the actress , now 62 , has revealed she attempted to commit suicide at age 43 , and that her daughter jessica orcsik was the one who found her . duncan , who is best known as the bubbly face of spray 'n' wipe , revealed her marriage breakdowns contributed to her depression .
the empty pool was used as the unusual catwalk setting for the ten pieces presentation as part of mercedes-benz fashion week australia . guests were treated to nibbles by icebergs and drinks from santa vittoria as they took in the minimalist , androgynous designs .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , had been instructed by a cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism , the justice department revealed today . he was also an islamic state sympathizer , and that his brother , abdifatah aden , was killed fighting with the group in syria in 2013 .
kenne worthen , 27 , allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at longview elementary school in phoenix last august . the father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an ipod app , google hangouts , where she labeled his profile with a fake name . some of the conversations were sexual in nature , according to police , while in another , the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife
obama said the u.s. would stand by israel if it were to come under attack . but acknowledged that his pursuit of diplomacy with tehran has caused strain with the close ally . he said it is ` personally difficult ' for him to hear his administration accused of not looking out for israel 's interests .
a new report from suncorp bank suggests australian 's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year . men spent twice as much as women on computers , digital accessories , mobile apps , and streaming services . on average , men spent $ 2618 over the last 12 months , $ 475 more than women .
the so-called new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes . about 62 miles -lrb- 100 km -rrb- above earth . it will launch from blue . origin 's west texas facility near van horn , texas , southeast of . el paso . testing and development of the rocket engine , called be-3 , . has been completed , the last major milestone before the liquid . oxygen - and
researchers quizzed more than 5,000 british teenagers about their drinking habits and the films they had watched from a list of 50 , including bridget jones ' diary and aviator . those who had watched the most films which featured characters drinking alcohol were 20 per cent more likely to have tried alcohol .
the queensland police service refuses to issue an apology to an indigenous officer after claims the word ` abor ' was written on his station roster . the rally forced the closure of flinders and elizabeth streets , where surrounding streets soon became clogged with cars and trams forced to stop . indigenous leaders have also been highly critical of the state government 's plans , which could involve the forced removal of more than 1000 people .
vijay chokal-ingam claims that he posed as a black man while he applied to medical schools in 1998 because he believed he had a better chance of gaining acceptance . the older brother of comedienne mindy kaling has controversially claimed he was only accepted into medical school in the late 1990s .
rspca south australia detailed how the cats at the property were in poor physical condition when they were seized by animal welfare . the resident pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to provide appropriate and adequate living conditions for his cats . the animal welfare group will be caring and rehoming the third cat .
lindsay jo rimer was 13 when she went missing from hebden bridge . her body was discovered in rochdale canal five months later . her sister kate described her family 's struggle since lindsay 's death . she has spoken out for the first time as detectives launch new bid .
samantha fleming and her newborn daughter serenity were last seen in anderson on april 5 . they left with a woman who said she was from indiana 's department of child services , according to police . the three-week-old infant was discovered unharmed at a home in gary on friday and will be returned to relatives .
ed miliband made his first appearance on the campaign trail in three days . his political rivals wasted no opportunity to drum up support with a month to go before polling day . labour election chiefs have reportedly calculated that it is better to keep a low profile outside of the live tv debates , where he can speak directly to voters .
jason warnock , 29 , has been identified as the man who saved matthew sitko , 23 , from his car as it dangled over a cliff in lewiston , idaho . but after saving the man , warnock said he could not stay and rushed away from the scene . a photo of the moment he pulled the man from the wrecked car was shared online as authorities tried to identify him .
tabby cat george was last seen running off in the direction of a caravan park near his home in north wales . he was found on a doorstep in west yorkshire five weeks later . owners steven davison , 71 , and his wife susan , 68 , from llanrwst in the conwy valley , could n't believe their luck .
photographs show a shoal of fish making way for a blacktip shark . it is thought the reef shark was not interested in catching a meal . but the fish naturally keep their distance , creating circles of clear water around the predator . dr ken collins , senior research fellow and diving officer at the university of southampton , told mailonline : ` this is fairly typical behaviour for shoaling fish ' .
choc on choc 's limited edition political chocolates collection comes in three different flavours . david cameron 's bar is studded with blueberry pieces , ed miliband 's comes in a red raspberry flavour and the nick clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb . coalition-minded consumers can mix and match the politicians or select all three .
chelsea clinton , whose mother hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this sunday , said it is time the united states had a female leader . ` one of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity , but when equal has n't yet included gender , there is a fundamental challenge there , i believe , having our first woman president -- whenever that is -- will help resolve , ' said clinton .
scientists say they have found 50 galaxies that may contain intelligent alien races . this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars . however , further research is needed to confirm that is the case . the study was led by dr jason wright from the center for exoplanets and habitable worlds at penn state university in pennsylvania .
sofia vergara 's ex-fiancé nick loeb says he 's always ` dreamed ' of being a father . the 39-year-old filed a lawsuit last august over the two embryos . he implied that he wants to use them to have children of his own .
kevin jonas rojano-nieto , 20 , was found guilty on december 3 of raping the girl who wandered into a garage where he was playing video games . the girl told her mother after the assault that she was in pain and her mother called the police who found injuries consistent with rape . judge m. marc kelly told an orange county jury that he ` did not intend to harm ' the three-year-old girl he raped at his family home in j
clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics . the broadcaster has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the bbc 's rugby league coverage to crufts . the 44-year-old married alice arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year .
abase hussen blamed police for failing to stop daughter fleeing to join is . his daughter amira abase fled to syria aged 15 , that he could think of ` nothing ' . mr hussen told mps the teenager was ` maybe ' influenced by the rally . he has apologised for attending but admitted going to two further rallies .
nasa-back firm says it could dramatically reduce the cost of building spacecraft by allowing the final construction to take place in orbit . the system uses arachnid-like robots to construct large objects in orbit around the earth by ` spinning ' building material into shape . spiderfab could cut construction costs by only launching raw materials such as carbon fibre into orbit .
nigel farage has dismissed criticism of the lack of diversity in ukip 's manifesto by claiming there was a ` half black ' party spokesman featured prominently . it includes several photographs of the party 's top team although it was suggested the only black face in the document appeared on a page about overseas aid .
alfie the yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home . the seven-year-old dog ran out of the woods in front of the inspector 's van . rspca staff were able to trace his owner , kirsty mitton , in wednesbury , west midlands .
priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . the 69-year-old collaborated with nbc 's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ` ultimate wedding ' .
queen letizia , 42 , teamed a white jacket with smart black trousers and heels for the service . her daughters wore pretty above-the-knee outfits reflecting the spring sunshine . princess leonor , 9 , and princess sofia , 7 , have been spotted at a public engagement for several months .
the egyptian-themed mansion , advertised as pharaoh 's palace on its website , promises a ` perfect private location ' on seven secluded acres in tampa . an august 2014 adult-themed party dubbed ` midsummer night wet dream ' got the mansion , bought by canadian millionaire gordon lownds . grey was also charged with violating the county 's noise ordinance , which was dismissed by a circuit judge on monday .
myer city stores in melbourne , sydney , perth , brisbane , and adelaide city stores on saturday april 11 at 9am . the dolls are newly produced but modelled on the original barbie doll that was first released at the new york toy fair in 1959 .
the final day of mercedes-benz fashion week australia kicked off with an explosion of colour in sydney on thursday . the art gallery of new south wales was transformed into a spectacular set designed by designer alice babidge . the collection is filled with romance was born 's trademark eccentricity .
european union will accuse google of illegally abusing its supremacy on the internet search market . google currently boasts a 90 per cent share in europe 's search engine market . but the ruling means google may ultimately have to change its business model and pay multi-billion pound fines to brussels .
britain was hailed as a ` job-creating machine ' last night as number of people in work soared to its highest level in history . employment rose above 31million in the three months to february , official figures showed . conservatives ' economic strategy won a stunning international endorsement , with the international monetary fund lavishing praise on chancellor george osborne .
the vaccine is made from pieces of a protein called tarp that 's found in about 95 per cent of prostate cancers . animal studies have shown that the protein can effectively stimulate the immune system to attack the cancer . those antibodies , along with other immune cells , can then destroy cancer cells without harming non-cancer cells . it is initially being tested as a way to treat cancer that has returned . if successful , could be used as a first line treatment for prostate and potentially breast cancer in the future .
senator bob corker , a republican from tennessee , said on sunday that congressional oversight ` does n't mean there wo n't be a deal ' . he said that congressional scrutiny and approval of any nuclear agreement with iran is essential to help make sure that the deal is not a bad one .
tracey cox says that it takes more than just simple eye contact . she gives her advice on how to use your peepers to get someone 's attention . spring is the season for flirting so the perfect time to find out the five eye contact techniques that are scientifically proven to get you noticed .
margaret and gary mazan from bradford , west yorkshire , found guilty of animal cruelty . the animals had matted fur , were dehydrated and had not been provided with a suitable diet . magistrates heard the couple caused unnecessary suffering to some of the dogs by failing to seek veterinary care for their eyes and injuries to their tails .
kim kardashian is in armenia with her husband kanye west and their daughter north on an eight-day visit to the country of her dad 's birth . the celebrity visitors are in the capital yerevan , a culturally rich city where the opera house is among its most notable landmarks .
gang targeted supermarkets , convenience stores and electrical shops . swiping # 2,000 worth of cigarettes and cars valued at # 30,000 in the process . cctv footage shows the gang using umbrellas to conceal their entrance . gang also threatened shop workers with hammers , knives and screwdrivers .
natasha elderfield , 41 , is on trial at oxford crown court . accused of murder of robert dobinson , 33 , in abingdon , oxfordshire . court heard she flew into a rage when boyfriend interrupted her attempts . she told police officers who arrested her ` my god , it 's so ****** g funny ' .
jordan sharifi , 17 , was taken into custody on friday by police in mckinney , texas , who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to raymond howell , jr. . on thursday , raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . sharifi led police to the scene and they initially thought raymond had been murdered because they did not find a weapon . but when raymond failed to respond , sharifi turned
malaika singleton said she was subjected to a hair pat-down with weeks of each other while traveling from los angeles to london in december 2013 . tsa agents grabbed singleton 's hair , which was styled in tightly-wound ` sisterlocks ' and proceeded to ` squeeze it from top to bottom ' at lax airport .
rebecca hannibal , 19 , has pleaded guilty to supplying her best friend georgina bartter with ` purple speaker ' ecstasy pills . ms bartter was just 19 when she died after collapsing on the dance floor in november last year after taking ` one and a half pills ' . she is believed to have had an extremely rare adverse reaction to the substance she took on the night before the harbourlife dance festival .
the number of christians in the us will decline from three quarters of the population in 2010 to just two thirds in 2050 , researchers claim . statistics revealed by the pew research center show the percentage of atheists across the globe is expected to fall across the same time frame while muslims will outnumber christians by 2070 .
v.stiviano , the alleged mistress of clippers owner donald sterling , has been ordered to pay his wife $ 2.6 million . lawyers for sterling claimed that money used to buy v. stiviano a house , luxury cars and stocks was her community property the couple had acquired over six decades of marriage . shelly sterling 's lawyers had argued that the gifts were made when donald and shelly were separated and that shelly could n't seek them from a third party .
quel manyang , who is recovering in hospital , believes her younger sister and two brothers died when they were taken by a crocodile . their mother akon guode crashed her 4wd into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west on wednesday . mr manyang 's partner and mother of the children was released from police custody on thursday night after homicide detectives questioned her over the crash .
jenny wallenda , 87 , the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers , died late saturday at her home in sarasota , florida . wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda .
matthew bird , from ashburton , new zealand , halved his income by quitting his well-paid job as an agricultural adviser to become a mechanic . he said he was happy to give up is $ 70,000 a year pay check for a meagre wage . if it meant his child support payment dropped to $ 554 a month . inland revenue recently amended their child support formula .
marie hunt of spring green , wisconsin , had to drop out of school after completing eighth grade when she found herself unable to get to her local high school . now a resident at meadows assisted living and memory care , the centenarian was presented with an honorary degree by river valley high school , 87 years after her fellow classmates graduated .
brazilian commuter nelson felippe was offended by a scene he witnessed on a train platform in rio de janeiro . in the picture , two women hug and gaze into each others ' eyes , but the source of his outrage becomes clear in a post that cleverly spoofs conservative attitudes .
british physicist stephen hawking has sung monty python 's galaxy song . the song is being released digitally and on vinyl for record store day 2015 . it is a cover of the song from 1983 film meaning of life . professor hawking , 73 , appeared on film alongside professor brian cox .
lee garlington says he was an extra on a movie set when he first decided to check out hudson , having heard rumors the star was gay , but had to wait an entire year until he heard from the star . he says the first meeting with the actor was a little nerve-racking , and that nothing happened other than the two having a beer .
senior constable neale mcshane is set to retire from his decade long post in the harsh region of birdsville , which borders on the simpson desert in far south-west queensland . the 59-year-old has spent 40 years as an officer in three different states . he told daily mail australia that nothing compares to the immense heat and desolate conditions of patrolling birsdville .
the cost of paying for rising numbers of deaths in britain will start to go up and increase by 20 per cent over the next two decades . at the same time the price of a funeral is rising fast , thanks to higher costs for cremation . younger people are finding it increasingly difficult to afford homes or to start families .
demi moore is selling the manhattan penthouse on the 28th floor of the historic san remo apartment building in 1990 from saturday night fever producer robert stigwood . the 14-bedroom apartment includes a 7,000 square feet of living space and wrap around terraces with views of both central park and the hudson river . if the penthouse sells for that much , it will break the record for the most expensive co-op apartment ever sold on the upper west side
message on the poster reads : ` democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of allah ' . cardiff council have begun removing the posters , dubbed ` chilling ' and ` threatening ' by locals . local parent greg pycroft , 36 , was with his two-year-old son when he came across 20 posters plastered on his walk to nursery yesterday .
the 41-year-old man is said to have posted a ` blasphemous ' status on his facebook page after watching a news bulletin about the war in iraq on television last july . if found guilty , the suspect could face up to seven years in jail , a fine of between dh250 ,000 to dh1 million , or both . the indian employee , known only by his initials s.g. , failed to attend the hearing at the dubai court of first instance on
nicole mihai was told by the immigration agency that she will now have to return to romania as she is not a new zealand resident . the family court have ruled that her young son , chris , is not able to reside further than 50 kilometres from his father . she was awarded full custody of their son , with her ex partner having little contact with chris .
new research has found that certain items on sale at poundland are up to 50 per cent more expensive than those sold in supermarkets . company 's success has been put down to shoppers hunting bargains and taking sales away from britain 's four big supermarkets , asda , tesco , sainsburys and morrisons .
lake in boulder , colorado , has been invaded by 3,000 to 4,000 goldfish , which wildlife officials say started as someone dumping ` four or five ' of their pets in the water two or three years ago . the animals are threatening to over-run the natural species in the lake by eating up all their resources and spreading unnatural diseases . local officials are now considering two options - electroshocking the fish or draining the lake .
more than double the 446,000 picked up by the prince of wales and his @clarencehouse account . the duchess of york is the next most followed and narrowly beats her ex husband prince andrew whose @dukeofyork account boasts 72,900 followers .
clancy , 29 , leads the glamour as she joins forces with her friends to target breast cancer . the model is mother to four-year-old daughter sophia with footballer husband peter crouch . abbey says she 's proud to be part of a campaign that funds vital work .
ards borough council in northern ireland put on the taxpayer-funded dinner to ` maintain morale ' . staff feasted on roast turkey and potatoes cooked in duck fat before moving to the dance floor at the party , which was adorned with # 500 worth of balloons and christmas crackers . council chiefs paid # 5,225 for caterers for the dinner in december last year with hire of the venue costing # 265.80 .
feidin santana , 23 , visited the family 's charleston , south carolina home on thursday to meet with the man 's heartbroken parents , son and other relatives - in a moving moment witnessed by nbc . scott 's father , walter scott , sr. , also hugged the man and said : ` thank you for another son , god , thank you god ! ' . walter jr. , 20 , added as he embraced sant
tamoxifen kills off cancer cells or stunts their growth by blocking the cancer-causing hormone oestrogen from reaching diseased cells . it is the main drug given to women who have not been through the menopause . when combined with two cups coffee , it can be even more effective .
apple ceo tim cook showed off his personal apple watch to customers at an apple store in palo alto . the device was available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment , but not to take home . wall street analysts said it was too early to adjust their estimates for sales of the gadget .
reverend jonno williams is the parish priest of the anglican-uniting church at canowindra . he knows the family well and is expecting it to be a tough day for everyone . stephanie scott went missing on easter sunday . her burned body was found last friday around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park .
the queen looked elegant in a long blue jacket which she wore over a cream and blue floral dress . her majesty was joined by prince philip and princess alexandra at the reception in trafalgar square , london . the monarch posed for a photograph with the calgary highlanders , who were all dressed in kilts .
kendra moad of kearns , utah followed her grandfather out of the house friday morning and into the driveway . he did not however see the toddler and ran her over as he pulled his truck up in the driveway to move the trash cans . kendra suffered severe head trauma and was pronounced dead shortly after at a nearby hospital .
the complex of affordable housing , funded and designed by the star wars director , would provide homes to 224 low-income families . there 's very little his fellow bay area residents can do about it . lucas dropped plans for a lucasfilm ltd studio complex on lucas valley road in 2012 .
shaun worthington 's car was filmed on a truck 's dashcam veering into the path of oncoming traffic at 1.04 pm . the 29-year-old died when his audi a4 collided with a truck on the a614 between burton agnes and haisthorpe , near bridlington , east yorkshire . his mother jane allen said : ` no mother should have to go through what i have and the devastation of losing a son ' .
the solar probe plus will carry four instrument suites into the corona . during the closest passes around the sun , temperatures outside the spacecraft will reach nearly 2,500 degrees fahrenheit . over 24 orbits , the mission will use seven flybys of venus to reduce its distance from the sun . the closest three will be just 3.8 million miles from the surface of the star .
ronald miscavige , 79 , was arrested in july 2013 carrying two rifles , four handguns , a makeshift silencer , a knife and a cache of ammunition . he was allegedly followed by a father-son pair of detectives for fear he might reveal damaging information about the inner workings of the church . the church of scientology has categorically denied through its attorneys .
kendalia halle was built more than 100 years ago by german immigrants , who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state 's population . about 400 such halls still stand -- many unused and decaying -- but only two traditional texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis .
martha , 10 , had been with her owner on the beach in leasowe , merseyside . was paddling in the water when she was caught out by a strong current . with the strength of the outgoing tide , the dog was swept out to sea . but as they were unable to save their pet , new brighton 's rnli crew were called . they then pulled the dog on to the lifeboat after managing to grab her by the collar .
belinda , 56 , from essex , had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls . but the ` horrendous ' scars produced by the bungling surgeon have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before . she is to appear on tlc 's extreme beauty disasters to warn of dangers of travelling abroad for cut-price surgery .
listeners say the last minutes of numerous shows have been left off . they branded the problem ` annoying ' and ` frustrating ' . the bbc blames on the system it uses to record programmes . shows such as dad 's army and hancock 's half hour have all fallen foul of the problem .
guyflower fields , held in the idyllic setting of pippingford park in the ashdown forest , is about giving children and families the chance to take part in a huge range of activities . the independent festival was created in 2012 by a small team of friends to provide the perfect environment for kids and grown-ups to fully escape for a weekend .
kuku kube is available for free on facebook , android , ios and on desktop browsers . scores lower than 11 are poor , scores between 15 and 20 is considered normal or average , and a score higher than 31 means your eyesight is considered great . plus , players get just 60 seconds to find the odd square on each board before the timer runs out and the game ends .
khayree gay , 31 , was captured on friday at the security inn and suites hotel in lake city , south carolina for his alleged role in the abduction and torture of a female employee at the business . gay , who is originally from feltonville , pennsylvania , is facing federal charges for allegedly kidnapping a jewelers row employee on april 4 in philadelphia . the 53-year-old female victim was seen walking through the parking garage shortly before she was grabbed and thrown into a
dr des spence says ` untested and unscientific ' apps cause stress . popular apps include myfitnesspal and apple 's health app . but dr spence warned newer apps that monitor your heart rate , blood pressure and blood oxygen levels could be causing unnecessary worry without providing any benefit .
claudia winkleman replaced sir bruce forsyth as co-host of strictly come dancing . the 43-year-old is the first presenter of the bbc dance contest to be nominated . comes even though she was absent for almost a month while daughter matilda , eight , recovered after her halloween costume accidentally caught fire .
the story was written by queen victoria when she was just 10 years old . it tells the story of a 12-year-old girl , alice laselles , who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried . the story will be published in june as ` the adventures of alice by alexandrina victoria , aged 10 and 3/4 ' .
sarah reign , 26 , gorges on junk food in various states of undress to titillate paying male viewers . after working shifts as a security guard , she disrobes down to her underwear and switches on her webcam . she says fans love to watch her enjoying food ; she might gorge on a whole chocolate cake or cover her stomach with butter .
britt lapthorne , from melbourne , was last seen at the latin club fuego in the coastal , tourist town of dubrovnik . she was partying with about 10 other backpackers . her body was found in nearby boninovo bay almost three weeks after she disappeared on september 18 . it has now emerged a victorian inquest into her death will be closed .
belinda bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a bondi butcher on monday night when she was buying a chicken for her and her roosters star boyfriend aidan guerra . the man working at sam the butcher in bondi called her a ` f *** ing c *** ' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up . there were apparently more problems when she went to use her card to pay for the choice bird .
rachel lynn lehnardt , 35 , from evans , georgia , was arrested on saturday night and charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor . the mother-of-five allegedly threw her daughter a party , played naked twister with her friends and then had sex with an 18-year-old in the bathroom .
kareem abdul-jabbar underwent emergency heart surgery at ucla medical center on thursday . the 68-year-old had quadruple coronary bypass surgery after being admitted to the hospital earlier in the week with cardiovascular disease . the successful surgery , which was performed by cardiac surgery chief dr richard shemin , cleared a major blockage from the hall of famer 's heart .
dave sim , 36 , rides his raleigh chopper on the l'etape du tour last year . the personal trainer from southport , merseyside , is hoping his stunt will inspire people to get out and ride themselves . mr sim said his chopper is as close to standard as possible .
michelle williams tweeted : ` once again ... #walterscott reminds me of my uncle , family . can only imagine the pain his fam feels ' . mr scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston , south carolina .
researchers at syracuse university , london , told the sunday times that whistling has all but disappeared over the last few decades . half of those asked said they believed the decline was a result of the demise of working class culture . a third said they were listening to ipods and personal music players instead of whistling .
the blunder at the pensions office in essen , in the north rhine-westphalia area of germany saw a letter sent out the woman asking for # 3,351,978,728,190,661 . the bill is more than a thousands times than the whole of the annual gross domestic product .
yervand garginian , a 60-year-old bus driver from south croydon in melbourne , filmed himself cooking chicken on an open charcoal barbecue . in the video mr garginian dismisses the australian-style barbecue of cooking ` oily ' sausages . his daughter posted the video to reddit and it has since been viewed more than five million times after it was shared across facebook , youtube and instagram .
conchita wurst has been transformed into gustav klimt 's golden adele . the 26-year-old posed before industry heavyweight ellen von unwerth 's lens for the poster . the poster will be on display on the streets of vienna and cast in gold on a medallion by austrian mint .
survey of 1,000 people from across the country conducted by personal budgeting software company youneedabudget.com . 64 per cent of adults confessed that they end up spending more money when they shop with friends . nearly two-thirds of americans admit they would actually prefer to shop by themselves than with pals .
baroness brady agreed to help david cameron announce 16,000 new apprenticeships at costa , morrisons , and the national grid . the businesswoman and apprentice judge was instead relegated to coat duty . mr cameron has pledged to create three million more apprenticeships over the next five years .
catherine grove , 28 , announced she is set to marry one of its elders . she initially vanished in july 2013 , abandoning her car and belongings in fayetteville , arkansas , only to show up weeks later under heavy guard at the church of wells . over the years the church has been accused of sexual abuse , kidnapping and human trafficking . but they have strongly denied any wrongdoing .
neil tuckett , 58 , from buckinghamshire , has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells henry ford 's famous model t . his customers love the model t - the first affordable mass-produced car - because they do n't require road tax or an mot . each one sells for around # 10,000 .
scientists say the lethal ring is leaving tens of thousands of creatures with severe , and often fatal injuries . the map uses data from the california roadkill observation system , a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years . clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk , mountain lion , black bear , gopher snake , desert iguana - and where and when they were hit .
dr ros altmann would take responsibility for protecting people from rip-off pension and mortgage charges . she would also be in charge of financial education and government policy to reward and encourage saving . she will also steer through reforms designed to make it easier for customers to move to another bank , by allowing customers to take their account number with them .
colleen harris , 73 , was found guilty of first-degree murder on wednesday after gunning down her third husband while he was sleeping in 2013 . colleen harris shot dead her second husband and the father of her three children , 46-year-old james batten , after claiming he had been abusive towards her . it took them less than two hours to convict her of murder .
tracey taylor , 34 , used her car to ram her ex-fiance 's porsche as well as his new girlfriend 's bmw while her two terrified daughters sat in the back . earlier that day she had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend , punching him on the ear and pulling her hair after barging her way into her home . then two days later she returned to the property and broke in through the front door , pushing her way past her love rival 's 19
former chairman of the joint chiefs admiral mike mullen knew that army sgt. bowe bergdhal deserted his post in 2009 , claim three of the controversial soldier 's comrades . mullen , who served president obama and then secretary of defense robert gates six years ago , was guilty of desertion . the claims mean that mullen was in a position to tell the president his soldier had run away five years before national security adviser susan rice told the world that berg
mark ward faville , of christiansburg , virginia , was found guilty of voluntary manslaughter in the death of his wife anne , who died in 2000 . faville had reported at the time she had choked on a piece of chicken , something that was supported by an autopsy . after the verdict was , read , faville was taken away , and it was then he took his own life in the courthouse . it is not known how he did this and an investigation is underway .
jodi arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murdering ex-boyfriend travis alexander . in her first mugshot , taken in 2008 , prosecutors said was a jealous rage because he wanted to break off their relationship . she killed her ex-girlfriend in 2008 after a stormy relationship .
tiffany gay thought she was being led outside for a routine fire drill but instead she found her biggest crush , junior luis velasquez , holding a bouquet of flowers . gay is a special needs student who struggles with a genetic disorder called prader-willi syndrome -lrb- pws -rrb- that causes sufferers to have an insatiable appetite .
cheryl prudham , 33 , and partner robert , 30 , are spending # 10,000 on a ceremony in las vegas to renew their wedding vows . the couple hit headlines last year after demanding a bigger council house for their huge brood . mrs prudham plans to wear a # 1,000 designer gown for the ceremony .
hundreds of patrons hoping for an iced daiquiri at the debut of a fat tuesdays bar inside the resort world casino ended up at each other 's throats . according to a casino worker , the fighting goes back to two women who clashed during the long wait for alcohol , dragging their group of friends into the conflict .
chinese state media reported that the government is planning to expand the qinghai to tibet railway ` at nepal 's request ' . could include a tunnel under the world 's tallest mountain - by 2020 . the step is important politically as it shows beijing building links with nepal , a country india regards as firmly within its sphere of influence .
dramatic footage has emerged of two separate houses being swept away by floodwater as wild weather wreaks havoc along the coast of new south wales . one house was filmed as it was carried along a street in dungog , in the hunter valley , north of sydney . local resident jade marie identified the house as her aunt 's , according to higgins storm chasers .
sir john chilcot 's inquiry into iraq war stopped taking evidence in 2011 . it was initially thought it would be delayed until after the general election . but it has now been suggested the findings will not be published until 2016 . newsnight 's diplomatic editor mark urban said he had been told the inquiry will be delayed .
acetaminophen is the main ingredient in the over-the-counter pain reliever tylenol and paracetamol . it has been in use for more than 70 years , but this is the first time this side effect has been discovered . previous research had shown that acetaminophen works not only on physical pain , but also on psychological pain .
henry and donna lou rayhons married seven years ago in their northern iowa hometown . it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple , both previously widowed . last year , the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home , suffering from dementia and alzheimers .
a nine-year-old boy was whipped with a skipping rope by his adoptive mother for not knowing the story of pinocchio . teachers at his school in nanjing raised the alarm , says the people 's daily . the child was covered in injuries -- including cuts to his ear where he was hit with a metal rod and bruising on his back .
ikea 's new service , wedding online , allows couples to wed via a process that resembles a mass group skype , and without the usual expense and complications that a physical ceremony presents . guests from all around the world can view the proceedings , as long as they have a webcam handy . couples need facebook accounts and working webcams .
jacob , five , was born mia , the second of three sisters . but from a very early age , jacob began rejecting his gender . after years of questioning how to handle his preferences , the lemays explained that they decided to let their child assume the identity of a boy .
couple took 14-year-old son out of school without permission for five-day holiday to spain . they were originally fined # 120 for the unauthorised absence from sweyne park school in rayleigh , essex . court bailiffs visited on march 6 demanding # 1,230 fine and parents would be jailed for three months .
michael keith spell , 25 , of parachute , colorado , was sentenced following a hearing before state district judge richard simonton in sidney . spell pleaded guilty in october to killing sherry arnold , 43 , after attempting to abduct the popular math teacher as she was jogging near her home in 2012 . spell 's mental problems made him unable to conform to the law , making him eligible for commitment to the montana department of health and human services .
the 10 tonne fatberg was discovered beneath one of chelsea 's most exclusive streets after residents complained of a rancid smell . so far the waste removed from the sewer is the equivalent weight of about five porsche 911s , which weigh 1.9 tonnes each . now a # 400,000 repair is being carried out to repair the broken sewer and already 22 metres of new piping has been replaced with another 17 metres left to go .
lloyd dennis taught at a number of primary schools across hampshire . the 32-year-old has been charged with 28 separate offences against children . among the schools where dennis has taught is bishop 's waltham junior school and cadland primary in the new forest . all of the schools have been informed of his arrest and are helping police with inquiries .
ms jobs , 51 , called former first lady hillary a ` revolutionary ' woman . she added that it 's not just because she 's a woman - but ` the type of woman she is ' . she was blasted for her ` staged ' visit to a coffee shop in leclaire , iowa .
henri morris , 67 , was caught in an fbi sting after investigators were approached by one of his victims in 2012 . the fbi arrested morris at bush county airport after the woman , who has not been named , covertly worked with them . when his bags were search they found his ` kit , ' which included strong sedatives and viagra .
brian nicol , 32 , dived into a pool at a luxury villa in the costa del sol . his friends dragged him out of the water and tried to save him . police and paramedics arrived shortly after the incident took place . mr nicol had been on a night out in marbella after jetting to spain .
philadelphia-based artist and journalist alison nastasi has collated a collection of intimate portraits featuring well-known artists with their furry friends . the images see the artists in rarely-seen settings , with many of them reclining in their homes , or posing in a relaxed fashion with their beloved pets .
abdul hadi arwani , an opponent of syrian president bahsar al-assad , was called to a job in the area he was killed with his son days before his death . sources close to the investigation , which is being led by the counter-terrorism unit , told the sunday times that the man may have met his father 's killer . the man was identified as black and speaking with an african accent .
stephanie scott was born in tasmania and lived in holland with his family before returning to australia as an adult . vincent stanford moved into a single-storey home with his mother and elder brother 13 months ago . the 24-year-old man charged with the murder of local english and drama teacher ms scott on easter sunday . his neighbours in maiden avenue say the family were welcomed by the community but vincent made few connections . the
mabel joll opened front door to see son ian she fainted , believing she must have seen a ghost . ten minutes earlier mrs joll received a telegram telling her that her son , squadron leader joll , was ` missing believed killed ' . sq ldr joll had been involved in a strafing attack on german aircraft on may 10 , 1940 , when his plane was hit by ground fire and he was forced to crash land his bristol blenheim light bomber .
the two major parties will only be separated by 0.1 per cent , according to the daily telegraph survey . david cameron and the tories are predicted to get 31.8 per cent of the vote . labour at just one tenth of a percentage point behind , with 31.7 per cent .
nurhayada sofia fell to her death after being dragged by an escalator . the six-year-old was out shopping with her mother at the kenanga wholesale city mall in pudu , malaysia . she then appears to be dragged over the side and vanishes .
lorenzo simon , 34 , and michelle bird , 39 , used friend michael spalding for slave labour before simon killed him and dismembered his body . simon was found guilty of murder at birmingham crown court today and bird , while being acquitted of the same charge , was sentenced to two and a half years .
kim scott posted the poem on saturday morning , a day after the body of a woman was discovered in cocoparra national park on friday . the 26-year-old english and drama teacher was due to marry her long-time partner aaron leeson-woolley , which was scheduled for saturday . the poem was addressed to ` my dearest stephanie and aaron on your wedding day ... this is for you ' .
nick clegg admitted his wife miriam makes the big decisions in their household . the couple invited the cameras into the kitchen of their # 1.5 m family home . they revealed why they decided to remain with their sons antonio , alberto , and miguel , in the family home instead of making the move to whitehall .
duncan bannatyne said ed miliband 's plan to scrap the controversial ` non-dom ' status had won him over . he tweeted : ` this gets my vote i never thought any party would have courage to do this ' . comes after the hotelier signed a letter from more than 100 business leaders backing the tories ' economic record .
three victims hospitalised with minor injuries , while 20 students were left homeless and one of sheffield 's main arterial roads was closed for a day . judge michael murphy told them : ` it was only by the grace of god or good fortune that people were not seriously injured or killed ' .
dzhokhar tsarnaev 's aunt , maret tsarnaeva , and two other relatives told time in an interview this week in chechen capital , grozny , that they believed he was wrongly convicted as part of a conspiracy by the u.s. the bomber 's uncle , said-hussein tsarnaev , told the magazine that ` american special services ' orchestrated the 2013 terrorist attack . tsarnaev was found guilty by a boston jury on april 8 of all 30
pupils applying to cambridge university may have to take an entrance test next year for the first time in almost 30 years . according to trade magazine schools week , documents presented to senior tutors say the university is ` being forced ' into changing its system of using as-levels to assess applicants .
the plague , which famously killed millions of europeans in the 1300s , is most commonly carried by fleas and rodents . prairie dog deaths at picture canyon in arizona alerted officials to the possibility of an outbreak . human cases have developed from close contact with cats who have preyed on infected vermin and residents in the southwest .
prince william is due to accompany the queen and duke of edinburgh on an official engagement next saturday . the duchess of cambridge plans to do ` everything he can ' to be at the official commemorations to mark the centenary of the gallipoli and anzac campaigns at the cenotaph on april 25 .
a woman who may be a ` possible dui driver ' led the california highway patrol on a slow-speed chase , and even stopped at traffic lights , through los angeles for almost an hour . the woman was ` weaving , accelerating and slowing down , ' according to a tweet by the official chp southern division twitter . the chase finally came to an end in pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman 's suv and sent the car into a slow spin
the teenager from lahore in punjab province pakistan , has been identified only as nuaman . he had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with kerosene . the boy , who is now being treated at mayo hospital , described how he was approached by the two muslim youths as they left friday prayers .
candice swanepoel , elsa hosk and jasmine tookes are the stars of victoria 's secret 's latest lingerie campaign . each of the girls carries the pink striped umbrella , which shoppers receive for free when they purchase two bras from the new range .
body of kyle knox has been found three weeks after he disappeared . the 23-year-old was last seen alive at the foot of ben nevis on march 31 . when he vanished people were being urged not to go to scotland 's mountains unless they had the proper equipment .
baby april was found face down in a toilet bowl at silcock 's amusement arcade in nevill street , southport . merseyside police had released an image of the baby girl wearing a pink playsuit , as they sought to identify her mother . police believe april may have been ` born where she was found ' .
ceara lynch , from portland , oregon , takes the more traditional dominatrix idea a step further , not just dominating her customers but demeaning , shaming and generally humiliating them . the 28-year-old entrepreneur says that making money this way has been a dream . she went on to seek out similar men , eventually finding a website called ebanned where she could sell her used underwear .
donald graham , 62 , killed heiress and property developer janet brown , 45 . he stole # 300,000 of her savings , her land rover and porsche . ms brown vanished in 2005 and her body has never been found . graham was jailed for life with a minimum of 32 years for killing ms brown . prosecutors wanted to reclaim his ill-gotten gains , which they said totalled # 816,127.86 p under the proceeds of crime act .
the person , who will not be identified until their arraignment on monday , was taken into custody after the bag was found on loughery way in cambridge , massachusetts . they have not been charged with homicide . instead , they are ` under arrest for accessory after the crime of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of human remains ' .
former police inspector neville hackett said his son had ` his life threatened by a well-known associate of criminals ' two years ago . the 34-year-old made a come back last sunday when he earned a 2015 world titles relay team berth by cruising to fourth place in one minute and 46.84 seconds . hackett senior admitted that while the threat was never reported to police , it was taken very seriously by the swimmer 's family .
mohammed morsi has been sentenced to 20 years for ordering the arrest and torture of protesters in 2012 . but the court cleared the defendants on charges of inciting murder over the deaths of a journalist and two protesters . morsi , egypt 's first freely elected leader , came to power following the 2011 ouster of hosni mubarak in a popular uprising .
study by harvard , columbia and duke university found majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men . around one in 10 american suffering from explosive anger management issues has easy access to guns , study found . despite some struggling with ` impulsive ' and ` destructive ' behavior , this was not picked up on background checks .
trip site wanderbat has found qatar airways to be the world 's most reliable airline . the top three airlines showed how the gulf and asia are dominating the travel market . wanderbat , has looked at several different factors in order to form a smart rating and rank the top international airlines .
the man , known only as 7042 , carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 -lrb- nf1 -rrb- that can pass on a severe , life-limiting condition to his offspring . with demand for danish sperm soaring , the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ` viking babies ' -- as they are widely dubbed . now four families are suing the sperm bank and the case has raised questions among fertility experts about denmark '
kevin gill , from naples , florida , thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators . but when collier county deputies were serving a search warrant on the family 's home for an unrelated issue , they came across the baby gator . gill said he never knew keeping an alligator - especially such a small one - was illegal .
the azamara club cruises ' quest vessel has two ships in its fleet , journey and quest , which each carry about 680 passengers . the size of the ship means it is able to access ports off-limits to the bigger vessels . in the harbour we were surrounded on all sides by billionaires ' mega-yachts .
stewart will host his last daily show on august 6 . he kept things lighthearted by talking about how sentimental it will be and joked that he would dress well for his swan song . he told viewers he hoped they would join him and announced a competition to get tickets to the final show .
raul castro passed away on friday morning while in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care , family spokesman james garcia said . castro also served as an american ambassador to three countries including el salvador , bolivia and argentina . during his career , castro saw discrimination around him .
dr donald dewitt , 65 , was arrested monday and charged with attempted sexual assault , child endangerment and criminal sexual contact . the prominent human sexuality and biology teacher at the highly competitive bergen county academies in hackensack was being held on $ 300,000 cash bail tuesday .
the man barges into the 63-year-old who then stumbles backwards . the man , dressed in a suit , then walks off as people gasp . he was later taken to hospital and treated for bruising on his face . merseyside police said the man came forward to police late last night .
mayo shirley , his wife mayo and seven-year-old son phoenix were travelling back to washington dc after a birthday trip to disney world . after boarding the plane , the shirleys were storing their bags under their seats when they noticed their luggage was wet . the family discovered the bags to be wet with vomit .
thames valley police called an army bomb disposal team . startled passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher . perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man , his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava shrouding his face .
new york city cop robert hugel , 83 , found the victims , all in their 70s and 80s , just after 3 p.m. at the house in bellerose in floral park , queens . neighbors lined the streets and sidewalks in the suburban neighborhood next to long island 's nassau county . some cried as police officers and firefighters walked around the home .
jade walters , 21 , was shocked to discover the family she loaned her beloved horse magic to had sold him at auction for just # 200 . magic 's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community . an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites .
more than 6,000 books are scattered throughout the guest rooms and public spaces at new york 's library hotel . each floor is dedicated to one of the dewey decimal system 's categories , and each room is decorated according to a genre or topic . the library hotel has gone all in with its tribute to the american librarian .
the fuhrer later banned the absurdly camp woodland snap . in lederhosen and knee-high socks , adolf hitler lounges against a tree . in one ridiculous picture , he tilts his head and tries a mean . moody stare to camera , topped off by a military cap .
lauren hill made her first basket in a college game five months ago . she was told she would not live past december but died four months later . the 19-year-old defied doctors ' expectations after she was diagnosed with a rare form of inoperable brain cancer just after her 18th birthday .
the girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a ` test of their composure ' . the challenge was part of the central china stage of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest , which has been running since 2005 .
kristen bell , the voice of frozen 's anna and the spunky star of house of lies , believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it . the mother of two daughters , lincoln , two , and delta , just four months , with actor dax sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls .
the 56-year-old has been lambasted for her first-ever stand-up routine while taking over the tonight show starring jimmy fallon on thursday . the blonde bombshell might have been like a virgin when it came to cracking jokes on telly , but she 's a seasoned pro when it comes to her style !
kibulu is one of 23 lions in donna 's care at zambi wildlife retreat , a sanctuary for retired , old , injured and homeless animals set on a 50 acre property south of penrith in western sydney . kibulu 's mother had rejected him in favour of his siblings and zoo keepers quickly decided it was n't safe for him to stay . the retreat is home to lions , tigers , monkeys , dingoes , parrots , rescued parrots ,
holly littlefield , 16 , was held in a police cell for 14 hours after zoe gregory , 26 , hijacked her email account to issue the threat to blow up the school . she was too scared to return to school for two days and when she did she was taunted by classmates . another pupil , vicky francis , 15 , was also arrested after police were told she had access to holly 's email account .
jonny bucknell , 58 , was enjoying his meal in the council chamber . a labour rival , theo blackwell , spotted him and alerted other councillors . he was forced to put down his cutlery when mayor lazzaro pietragnoli interrupted the proceedings to tell him off .
researchers were stunned when their underwater robosub had an unexpected encounter almost 2,000 feet under the ocean . rather than the deep sea squid and corals they expected to see , a giant sperm whale swam to inspect their sub . the sperm whale is the largest toothed whale .
daniel craig will spend the next three years raising awareness for the u.n. mine action service and political and financial support for the cause . craig , who 's often seen standing dangerously close to explosions as the dapper , martini-drinking agent 007 - was named on tuesday . the united nations said 162 states are parties to the anti-personnel mine ban convention .
daniel craig has just had knee surgery after hurting himself in a stunt for the next bond movie , spectre . the incidents that ought to have been fatal include one before the opening credits rolled that would have ` turned his lungs out ' . bond is not the only one to defy medical science .
the chihuahua puppy was discovered in the play area of an animal shelter in antioch , california , with injuries to its ears and stomach . it is believed the pet was burned by chemicals at a foster home . hundreds of people have already got in contact , looking to take the pet in .
eight-month-old puppy silver was banned from getting close to the prime minister today after he was deemed a security risk . aides ordered that the jack russell and poodle cross-breed be kept well away from the conservative party leader . mr cameron chatted briefly to the group and commented on how sunny it was before leaving in his car .
william d. allen , susan daub and their capital financial partners investment firms are facing civil fraud charges from federal regulators . they 're accused of reaping more than $ 31 million in a ponzi scheme that promised high returns to investors from funding loans to cash-strapped pro athletes .
digital delivery of music caught up with physical formats like cds . pharrell williams ' ` happy ' was the top single , selling 13.9 million copies . piracy and free internet sites remain a huge problem for anindustry still reeling from the impact of turning music intodigital form .
bbc co-host appears to have already launched a new career . the 45-year-old , whose top gear future has been in doubt since clarkson 's sacking , has released his first home video on youtube . comes after james may released a series of videos showcasing his jobless life .
researchers sequenced the microbiomes of yanomami people living in a remote amazon village in venezuela who had not had previous contact with non-yanomami . they say the results show just how modern lifestyles and diets have changed us - and that the bacteria they found could be potentially beneficial to modern society .
bruno fernández has been dubbed the ` majadahonda ripper ' after police searched his home in a suburb of madrid , spain . the 32-year-old has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of his former lodger , adriana giogiosa . neighbours said he ` regularly ' sacrificed live animals prompting a series of complaints to police .
nurses forced to work 12-hour shifts amid staffing shortages . one member highlighted how staff at a hospital in staffordshire are expected to work six long days a week . unison has called for more research into how longer working hours affect staff health . theory offers greater cost effectiveness for the nhs .
hiroshi ueda claims that he first invented the selfie stick in the 1980s . he said he came up with the idea after struggling to get pictures of himself and his wife together while they were in europe . the supersized stick is available on the website accessory geeks for just $ 23 -lrb- # 16 -rrb- .
amy , 24 , found fame on the only way is essex . says her garments are designed for the woman wanting to embrace wearable catwalk trends and ` definitely ' for real women . says she works out to keep her curves and keep her toned but i do n't try and lose weight .
photographs show a squatting figure defecating within a red circle with a diagonal line across it . the pilgrimage , known as the way of st james , attracts thousands of pilgrims every year , but there can be very few places to go when nature calls . in lastres , angry residents have complained about pilgrims defecate outside their homes .
the theory was proposed by astronomers seeking to understand what is causing this larger-than-expected cold area . if confirmed , the supervoid would be the largest single structure ever found by humanity . in 2004 astronomers first found the ` cold spot ' - a region 20 per cent less dense than elsewhere - and may now have an explanation for its formation .
labour leader used a speech to claim the tory election campaign has descended into ` desperation and panic ' . in scotland 49 % of people plan to vote for the snp , with just 25 % backing labour , robbing him of any possibility of an overall majority . in september 's referendum , 55 % voted in favour of staying in the uk .
businessman seen urinating in field of vegetables in benington , lincolnshire . he casually stood in the middle of the crops urinating on the plants . a member of the public took the picture and informed the field owner . tesco has said its vegetables undergo an ` extensive assessment and review process ' before they reach supermarket shelves .
glenn mason , 56 , plundered the accounts of nine pensioners including an 83 year-old woman and a man living near his branch in biggin hill , kent . mason got away with the thefts for almost a year before his arrest in july 2012 . his attempts to cover up his crime by transferring money using the identity of two of his colleagues , julie jeffrey , 50 , and james cato , 35 , led to them being sacked and charged
nick clegg said wealthy people with holiday homes would not mind having to ` chip in a bit ' to protect services in areas where as many as one in 10 homes are vacant . the well-off buying up homes in tourist hotspots has also driven up property values . local authorities would have the power to charge 200 per cent council tax .
cctv captured on cctv installed by frustrated residents in oldham , manchester . residents confused over who had been dumping bags full of rubbish . rather than load the bags into his lorry , the bin man was filmed lifting them out of dustbins before tossing them down an alley .
ten top doctors sent a letter to columbia university urging the school to remove tv celebrity doctor mehmet oz from his faculty position . dr oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at the college of physicians and surgeons . the physicians accused dr oz of pushing ` miracle ' weight-loss supplements .
prince abdul malik , 31 , and his bride dayangku raabi'atul ` adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah married in a spectacular ceremony at the monarch 's palace in brunei 's capital . the lavish display of wealth is possibly the most opulent wedding of all time , but the couple are n't the first too say i do at a ceremony costing millions . even stars like kim kardashian and elizabeth
the study released on thursday by the centers for disease control and prevention found that about 30 percent of women who 'd had a child became pregnant again within 18 months . the typical time between pregnancies is about 2 1/2 years but nearly a third of women space their children too close , a government study shows .
stephanie flanders , the glamorous then economics editor of bbc2 's newsnight , was hosted by the woman he was ` secretly ' dating . he was chief economics adviser to the chancellor , gordon brown . miliband had been back in britain for two months after a brief spell as a lecturer at harvard university .
raymond townsend was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher geralyn ganci , now 32 , after more than a year of lurid messages . the woman , who sat near his wife in their office , repeatedly refused townsend 's requests for sex , but kept a text from her boss where he said she lost her job because she ` refused to have sex with the general manager ' . he also sent her texts saying he ` had to pull over to the side of the road
scientists in california have described how to create artificial auroras on earth . they said a particle accelerator could be sent 185 miles -lrb- 300km -rrb- up into space . it would then fire high-energy beams back at earth 's atmosphere . the accelerator would be three times stronger than anything like it before , producing a beam with particles 0.5 to 10 million electron volts .
a washington , dc-based company called united space structures wants to create a new space station . their giant rotating space cylinder could apparently replace the iss . it would rotate four times per minute to create artificial gravity , and would be 1,300 ft -lrb- 400 metres -rrb- in diameter and 1,310 ft long . the final design would be 330ft , cost # 200 billion -b- and take 30 years to build .
chancellor met his house-cleaning doppelganger at a campaign stop in somerset . he was given a tour of the factory where the machines are built . mr osborne appeared to be amused by a henry hoover as he spoke to staff . onlookers could not help noticing the striking similarities between the grinning , plastic cleaning device and the chancellor .
casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home in june 2012 . the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks who bashed the baby more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery . he unplugged the baby monitor before unleashing the vicious attack on the defenceless baby while ms
brazil 's 24 hour drugs market has become home to people from all walks of life . located in the slums of rio de janeiro , crack cocaine users visit the open-air bazaars to buy rocks of the drug and smoke it in plain sight , day or night . some of whom once held jobs , had loving families and harbored dreams of a better existence - all lost to their addictions .
stephen howells , 39 , and his 25-year-old girlfriend nicole vaisey , from hermon , new york , were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the amish girls and other children . they each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls , then seven and 12 , from their family 's farm roadside vegetable stand on august 13 . on tuesday , st. lawrence county district attorney mary rain said that the defendants were advised
sheila secker , 78 , had been given the pay-as-you-go phone by her son . as she had not used the phone for some time it had been cut off . when the grandmother collapsed in her home in december she could not contact her family and died a few days later .
german field marshal erwin rommel gained respect from his foes for his tactical acumen and sense of fairness during the battle for north africa . he was the one german leader in the second world war who the british regarded with honour . rommel , nicknamed the desert fox , also became an iconic wartime figure .
thomas cain 's mother ora mae died in 1943 , when he was just 12 . he was left thinking there were no surviving photographs of her . but this footage , recorded in 2013 , shows the moment his granddaughter , andrea ferrell , 29 , gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative .
senator darrell issa asked then secretary of state clinton whether she , or any of her senior staff , had used a personal email account ` to conduct official business ' in december 2012 . but the reply did not answer the question - instead going into detail over the state department 's email policy . clinton has confirmed that she exclusively used her private account , calling it a matter of ` convenience ' .
nicola sturgeon said she would back calls for all tax powers to be devolved to scotland ` as soon as possible ' . the first minister was forced to admit her mps would vote for fiscal autonomy as early as next year , despite the catastrophic collapse in north sea oil revenues .
washington believes the ` special relationship ' between britain and the us is over . dated april 2015 and drawn up to brief the senate and house of representatives . memo also warns that the uk faces turmoil if there is a hung parliament . also states that the us will ` remain key economic partners ' .
joyce kuhl , a grandmother from south carolina who visited the orlando park in 2013 , claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools . in her suit , she alleges that the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint the orcas with black zinc oxide to disguise the injuries . she claims that the giant marine mammals are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at seaworld .
hernandez was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd , who was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee . he will ultimately end up at the maximum-security souza-baranowski state prison . a lawyer for the sheriff did not immediately return messages seeking comment on the sheriff 's remarks .
sir jeremy heywood has ordered an official probe into claims that a civil servant leaked an official account of a private meeting between nicola sturgeon and the french ambassador . she told supporters in glasgow today that the westminster establishment were afraid of the snp 's rise and called on ed miliband to commit to ` locking out ' david cameron .
the british-born fashion designer shared an instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her . she wrote : ` thank you for my beautiful flowers !!! #wonderfulhusband #birthday ' . chapman , 39 , was reportedly ` furious ' after he was accused of groping an italian model in his manhattan office last month .
nyia parler , 41 , commented under a new picture of her cuddling her boyfriend on tuesday . just 24 hours earlier , police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west philadelphia and left him there . on sunday police said that parler will be arrested as soon as she is released from hospital herself .
tony blackburn claims disgraced entertainer jimmy savile ` tarnished ' his era . the 72-year-old 's long-term employer , the bbc , is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff . several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of operation yewtree .
amber phillips of los angeles expressed her support for the right to die law introduced in california on tuesday . if passed next year will legalize physician assisted suicide for terminally ill patients . ` the pain and suffering took some of her dignity away when she became so ill that she was not able to work , ' she said .
officials at queen 's hospital , burton , staffordshire , admitted they did n't tell relatives about the arrangement and a spokesman has claimed the use of a lorry is normal practice across the country . bodies were transferred to the mortuary for viewings , then returned to the truck .
amie cox , 33 , of victoria made the ready admission of the sensory bond she has for son alex , 5 , over her older boy william , 7 , while appearing on an sbs insight programme . since her revelations surfaced on the insight website , ms cox told daily mail australia she has been attacked and been called ' a freak ' . she says the bond with alex 's scent began from the first moment she held him after giving birth and that for the
father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the flames shot out of the manhole . the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him . despite his shock , the building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident .
peter wilson told bbc documentary ashya 's chances of long-term survival could have been halved by brett and naghmeh king 's decision to flee abroad with him . dr wilson claimed the chemotherapy was essential to reduce the chances of the five-year-old 's cancer returning . he complained of the ` vitriol ' to which he had been subjected as a result of the case .
kim jong-un allegedly scaled the 9,000 ft high mount paektu near the chinese border , before telling troops at its peak that the climb was like ` nuclear weapons ' . pictures released by north korean state media show the 32-year-old leader smiling on the top at sunrise before visiting troops at the mountain 's base .
the incidents seem to be increasing . compromised information included patients ' names , home addresses , illnesses , test results or social security numbers . most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives . cases that did n't involve malicious intent included private health information being inadvertently mailed to the wrong patient .
chancellor was booed at the paralympic games to turn britain 's economy around . he has gone from being booed in front of his two children to being credited with helping to turn economy around around . the nadir came when the chancellor was booing at the games .
married couple john and karen copleston claim paul phillips ` constantly harassed ' them over a petty dispute after they moved a gate at the back of their # 210,000 house in poole , dorset . when the couple challenged him they say claim embarked on a campaign of misery that forced the coplestons to install cctv cameras to catch him in action . but on friday the case against him was dismissed , although a three-year restraining order was imposed on him
spacex has released dramatic footage of its third attempt to land a rocket booster on a barge in the atlantic . the 14-storey booster manages to hit the barge , but its high speed and tilt causes it to explode on impact . the maneuver was attempted following the launch of the falcon 9 rocket a few minutes earlier from cape canaveral in florida .
leslie cooper , 36 , charged with murder of syrian preacher abdul hadi arwani . he was an outspoken opponent of the assad regime in his native country . appeared before magistrates in camberwell today for a brief hearing . meanwhile , scotland yard said a second man , 61 , had been arrested .
corinna skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to publicly shame the anonymous note writer , while also defending her daughter harley jo . the harsh note was left on harley 's car , despite the fact that her official handicap tag was clearly visible , read : ` you should be ashamed ! when you take a handicap spot , an actual disabled person suffers ' .
stevie mccrorie beat fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final . now mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule . leanne mitchell has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer .
the review attacked the six-part series as ` a work of fiction that adopts a narrow , revisionist and anti-catholic point of view toward the religious turmoil of the tudor period in which it 's set ' . the latest remarks echo criticisms voiced by clergy in the uk , who tore into the series for its ` perverse ' depictions of the historical characters when it first aired .
hafeez batthi , 33 , and his wife , khalida , 26 , painted a picture of the islamic couple as ` committed ' members of the community in brisbane . the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train on wednesday afternoon . stacey eden , 23 , made a bold stand in defence of a muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a syd
wayne heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in queensland . during the attempted armed robbery , he realised that the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague . it was only after he fired the shots that he discovered that he was former colleague shameem rahman .
thomas buckett , 21 , fell through roof of clayton hall business and language college in newcastle-under-lyme in may 2010 . friends dared him to jump on glass skylight and sustained life-changing head injuries as a result . police officer who investigated break-in wrote an email of support to the council , stating he had made the family aware .
researchers in the u.s. suggests high heels can also put dangerous pressure on knee joints , wearing away cartilage - the body 's built-in shock absorber . some women need invasive knee replacement surgery . in high heels , women 's knees are held in such an awkward , bent position that their joints looked and performed like aged or damaged joints .
jessica kemp from eustis says teachers at seminole county elementary threaten to remove kindergartner logan from class . the 32-year-old says she applies the liquid to his head and neck as it helps him keep calm and focused . she claims her boy has been using them all year , but then a teacher 's aide complained . lake county school district told the station they would not suspend logan .
a prisoner who shared a ride to jail with freddie gray claims the 25-year-old was trying to injure himself inside a police van before he died from unexplained spinal cord injuries . the report was leaked to the washington post under the proviso that the prisoner remains anonymous . in the past week , gray has become the new face of the ` black lives matter ' movement .
the new horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with pluto . it was launched on 19 january 2006 at a speed of 36,373 mph -lrb- 58,536 km/h -rrb- . after passing the orbits of all the major planets from earth to neptune , the flyby of pluto will begin . using a suite of instruments , the spacecraft will map the surface of charon and its moon charon .
andrew sadek 's body was found in a river with a bullet in the head . his mother believes the answer is that her 20-year-old son signed his own death warrant when he agreed to become a confidential informant for police . authorities say he knew what he was getting into and agreed to help them of his own free will .
women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months , with men hitting the friendship high a little later at 27 years and three months . social networks such as facebook and twitter now play a major role in nurturing new friendships . a third of adults -lrb- 36 per cent -rrb- met their closest friends while at school .
russian president appeared on russian tv today to insist none of the country 's troops are positioned in the ukraine . his appearance this week is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 and 2010 . in both photographs the skin of putin 's face is more saggy , and he has visible dark circles under his eyes .
a man has been rescued twice from cockle bay wharf in sydney 's darling harbour . the man was fished out of the water by a group of ambulance workers . before they could wrap him in a foil blanket he fell backwards into the water again . the incident happened despite hoards of people pleading with authorities to install fencing around the water 's edge .
jason rezaian has been accused of ` espionage ' and ` acting against national security ' . iranian officials announced in january that he would stand trial before the country 's revolutionary court to face ` security charges ' . but the agency is considered to be close to the ultra conservative iran hard-liners .
die-hard fans of the hit bbc series poldark are n't just flocking to cornwall as tourists . interest in the programme has spurred demand for holiday homes along the county 's picturesque coastline . actor aidan turner has become a heartthrob for fans after his character took off his shirt on the popular bbc one show .
harking back to uk transformation show 10 years younger , people are asked to guess a woman 's age in a bold new advert . at 7am the actress looks bright and bushy tailed , ready for the day ahead - studio lights capture this in the ad . but by 9.47 she looks exhausted as she prepares the family dinner and does the laundry after a day at work .
craig and bonnie morgan want their children to have the best possible start in life . they 've put their house on the market in order to pay the fees . they have pinned their hopes on a ` crowd-funding ' initiative . the morgans settled on the idea of a private education for their children .
keith wolfe smarch , a first nation master-carver , had abandoned work on a totem pole to guide me along the infamous chilkoot trail . he is descended from skookum jim , the first man to find gold in a remote riverbed in the yukon in 1896 . the 32-mile hike took weeks to complete but even then their journey was far from over .
the ` cripmas ' party , held last december , had white students throwing stereotypical gang symbols while dressed in red and blue bandanas , t-shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and fake ` thug ' tattoos . the party was also reportedly attended by female students from several sororities .
pope francis has angered the turkish government by describing the mass-murders of up to 1.5 million armenians in 1915 as ` the first genocide of the 20th century ' . turkey told the vatican ambassador it was ` deeply sorry and disappointed ' in pope francis .
the male animal was first seen by a local walking his dog in the park near the church of the holy apostles at 28th street and ninth avenue in chelsea . after the resident alerted two workers to the sighting , nypd officers arrived at the scene . however , the coyote did not surrender easily , sprinting across the grass and dodging the cops ' attempts to catch it . it was only captured more than an hour later when emergency services unit officers managed to shoot the animal with a dart
researchers have found traces of compounds found in camomile and yarrow in the hardened plaque of 50,000 year old neanderthal teeth found in el sidron , spain . animal bones found at sites known to have been inhabited by neanderthals are 90 per cent free of gnaw marks .
a woman who boarded the driver 's bus in ozone park , queens , recorded the unidentified driver marking a set of papers with a highlighter . the driver was seen with both hands on a piece of paper , believed to be a timetable for his route replacing the closed section of a subway . new york city adopted new laws last year as part of an effort to eliminate traffic accidents , such as the february 2014 crash between an city bus and a truck that careened into a building on
the bodies of christie fradeneck , 37 , her daughter celeste , 2 , and an 8-year-old boy were discovered by police monday night . investigators were trying to determine the circumstances surrounding the deaths . the man was held for questioning and the causes of the deaths have n't been released .
the 37-year-old sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two-year old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot . online commenters could n't help but note how fit maggie looks only a few months after she and her husband alex mehran welcomed their first daughter into the world .
officials with the lamar consolidated independent school district say the eight-page handout was n't approved by administrators . the handout , entitled islam/radical islam , made unsubstantiated claims like : '38 percent of muslims believe people that leave the faith should be executed ' . at least one student showed the document to her parents who contacted the council of american islamic relations -lrb- cair -rrb- .
scottish punter from edinburgh placed # 2,000 wager on princess with ladbrokes . betting on the new royal baby 's date of birth has also been hotting up . the 18th , 19th and 20th april the most popular choices - even though the official due date is the 25th .
the funeral for stephanie scott will be held next wednesday at the eat your greens function centre in eugowra , near ms scott 's home town of canowindra . she was set to tie the knot with her partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley , when she disappeared from her workplace on easter sunday . the parish priest officiating at the ceremony said he was bracing himself for a hugely emotional occasion .
edward fride , the pastor at christ the king in ann arbor , michigan , suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license . he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant there had been a ` significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response ' .
liam linford oliver-christie , 29 , was caught with the drugs under his floorboards during a police raid in west kensington , west london . officers uncovered the haul and ` drugs paraphernalia ' with the help of a sniffer dog at his council flat in september 2013 . he was jailed for 15 months at isleworth crown court for ` turning a blind eye ' to drug dealing at his home .
british-born street artist plastic jesus put up seven ` no kardashian parking anytime ' signs around hollywood this week . this week , he put up the idea while driving down melrose avenue in l.a. a few weeks ago , when traffic was brought to a standstill because of a shopping on the street .
trything expert chris riley , 56 , says his own physique is more like rocker iggy pop . he says turner 's macho grunts and terrible technique as he hacked at the hay tarnished the view of the usually ` sedate ' action of scything .
virgin australia launched complimentary food on all flights across the australian domestic network on wednesday . the latest introduction of free food will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights . the package will also complement the free in-flight entertainment on offer already .
campbell has joined forces with david harewood , tinie tempah and paralympic medallist / television presenter ade adepitan . the campaign , run by operation black vote , features the stars in striking photographs ahead of the voting registration deadline . campbell , 40 , last month ruled out standing for the conservatives in kensington after sir malcolm rifkind announced he would be standing down .
the iconic sydney harbour bridge has topped the list as the most photographed australian landmark on instagram . the famous tourist attractions were listed in the 20 most ` instagrammed ' places in australia as part of research released by love home swap . others include the twelve apostles along the great ocean road in victoria , uluru which is also known as ayers rock .
neil fox ` indecently assaulted two star-struck girls under the age of 16 ' . one alleged victim says fox repeatedly assaulted her at capital radio 's studios in leicester square . fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014 .
eric jackson took a bullet in the forearm during the deadliest mass shooting on a u.s. military base , and returned to fort hood five years later with other survivors . some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue , but also clenched their teeth over needs in their scarred and injured lives they say the army has denied . ' i try not to be bitter . but it 's kind of hard not bitter , ' said jackson , a former staff sergeant .
marks & spencer is stocking the bouea macrophylla after years of work with specialist growers in thailand . it has been nicknamed the plango and it is expected to be a big hit . the fruit has a bright orange edible skin , which is firmer than a plum , and a sweet taste similar to an alphonso mango but with a softer texture .
xavier denamur sparked fury after he exposed france as a country of microwave cheats and even went as far as to compare it as being the culinary equivalent of a low-cost airline . unesco has named france 's ` gastronomic meal ' a world treasure and the country still welcomes more tourists than any other nation .
ben parsons , 34 , of brighton , east sussex , stunned girlfriend anna jefferson , 36 , by getting down on one knee after running 24 and a half miles . she was watching her boyfriend run in the brighton marathon with their children nancy , three , and thomas , 11 months .
forecasters say temperatures in the south could reach 23c -lrb- 73f -rrb- by wednesday . best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2 c at achnagart in scottish highlands . but incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts .
nikko jenkins , 28 , tried to carve ' 666 ' into his forehead but did it backwards . it comes amid the 28-year-old 's ongoing appeal that he is mentally unstable and therefore ineligible to face the death penalty . he was jailed exactly one year ago for shooting dead four people in 10 days after being released from prison .
ken broskey , 69 , of livonia , michigan , has been diagnosed with stage 4 oropharyngeal cancer , and his doctors have urged him to check into hospice care . instead , he has taken a job with uber , hoping to make enough money in what time he has left to pay off his mortgage so his daughter and two grandchildren can have his house . now he is getting a little help too from uber after they heard about his story .
muhammed tahir , 53 , got off his train at mile end and picked a target on the platform - a ` confident and articulate ' professional in her 20s . he then followed her onto a central line service and stood as close to her as he could . but she tried to change position and lean as far away as possible to escape his advances .
the humanoid , known as ham , has been drawing in crowds with his incredible range of facial expressions at an electronics event in hong kong . the head is created with malleable material called frubber using soft-bodied mechanical engineering and nanotechnology . it contains realistic pores that measure just 4 to 40 nanometers across -lrb- there are 10million nanometers in one centimetre -rrb- .
gilberto valle talks about his 2012 arrest and the claims that allegedly plotted to kidnap , torture , and eat women online . for those hungry to learn about valle and his stomach-churning fantasies , the film will also be shown on hbo in may . valle , often at his mother 's house , is seen cooking in the film but he 's only making bacon and eggs .
four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms , five bathrooms , a gym , and a lift to take cars to the basement garage . neighbour has described it as looking like a ` down - market mortuary ' . comes after ms forbes , 49 , made a handsome profit on the sale of her previous flat , in chelsea .
karen gaynor appeared at rotherham magistrates court accused of causing criminal damage by pruning the tree . the 53-year-old was locked in a police cells for six hours and put on bail . magistrates took just 15 minutes to find her not guilty , saying she had acted with good intentions .
craig roberts , 36 , from chadderton , manchester , walked into his town 's post office . an employee shouted from behind the counter that he would have to leave his guide dog bruce outside if he wanted to be served . he said : ' i was left feeling so angry and shocked . it is unacceptable that i should be made to feel like i had done something wrong ' .
excrement thrown at the statue of british colonialist cecil john rhodes has triggered a wave of protests across south africa against ` racist ' figures . vandals poured paint over scottish-south african missionary andrew murray 's statue in the western cape . war memorials were also defaced .
millie marotta , 36 , is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume animal kingdom . the beautiful black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals , plants and birds . millie has had a successful freelance illustration careeer with clients including virgin atlantic , penguin books and marks & spencer .
violet price , 80 , had been missing from her home in moustier village . her son , a businessman who lives in the area , was unable to reach her by phone after she attended a dinner party . a 32-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with two counts of murder .
elana schlenker has opened a pop-up shop in pittsburgh , pennsylvania where women are charged only 76 per cent as much as men in order to highlight the problem of wage inequality . less than 100 sells ceramics , art , and textiles by female artists as a discount to female customers .
karstein erstad found the worms on the surface of the snow while he was skiing in the mountains near bergen at the weekend . numerous reports have been coming in after he told his story . there have been similar reports in southern norway and sightings of worm rainfall in lindås and suldal .
jonathan krueger , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the college of communication and information , was shot in the chest around 2 a.m. friday while walking home . police charged justin smith , 18 , with the murder friday afternoon , this after he fled when they tried to stop him earlier in the morning while driving a minivan that matched the one described by someone with the victim . smith was also charged with robbery , tampering with evidence , and
david cameron will announce the move today as he pledges to commit # 8billion to fund the health service . this is the figure named by nhs boss simon stevens as the amount needed to help plug a # 30billion hole in health service 's accounts over the next five years .
freddie gray died sunday after he ` had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' during an arrest in baltimore last sunday . official police documents filed monday said that the man was arrested by officer garrett miller for having a switchblade knife . gray was taken to a university of maryland trauma center where he struggled to stay alive for seven days before his death .
archaeologists are divided , but some experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead imprisoning them . the mysterious island , por-bajin , was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern siberia . the plot thickens as the way it was built , along with the construction materials use , hint at chinese architectural tradition .
robert fidler , 66 , has lost a nine-year legal battle to save the dream home he built in salfords , surrey , without planning permission and hid behind hay bales for four years . the local authority immediately laid siege by refusing to grant retrospective permission . now , after numerous court appearances costing tens of thousands of pounds , communities and local government secretary eric pickles has finally ruled the home on green belt land .
tina fey was seen out with her husband jeff richmond and daughter penelope friday morning in new york city . dr. fredric brandt was said to have been devastated in his final weeks over a caricature of himself on fey 's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt . the 30 rock star has yet to comment on dr. brandt 's suicide , though her husband did say the entire incident was ` very sad ' a few days after the dermat
the heartwarming scenes , captured by professional photographer denis budkov , 35 , during a trip to kuril lake in kamchatka , russia . he sat and watched as the mother , who was also lying on the banks of the lake , became a makeshift sofa for one of her cubs .
joshua corbett appeared in court today at a preliminary hearing for charges of stalking and breaking into sandra bullock 's house in june . the oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic . the roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against corbett . ` i 'm in my closet . i have a safe door , ' bullock , breathing heavily , is heard telling the dispatcher
italian nicola sturgeon launched her party 's manifesto setting out demands for as the price propping up a labour government . 59 % want the snp as a whole to play no part in running the country , and 59 per cent want her kept out of the next uk government . but they have left open the possibility of snp supporting labour government on a vote-by-vote basis .
mohammed dahbi discriminated against actress kassie thornton and her tv executive partner christy spitzer after ordering them to ` keep that behavior for the bedroom ' . he warned that if they ignored his request during the trip on september 18 , 2011 , he would throw them out . he also called the pair ` b ***** ' , ` c **** ' and ` whores ' after they refused to pay the fare and walked away .
professor giuseppe ferrari made the revelation when speaking to a vatican-backed exorcism course in rome . he told those in attendance : ` there are those who try to turn people into vampires and make them drink other people 's blood , or encourage them to have special sexual relations to obtain special powers ' .
khim hang , 22 , displayed a bold collection with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers . the collection , which adopted its own punk-look , showed a strong oriental influence -lrb- his parents are originally from cambodia -rrb- .
ryan giggs , 41 , phoned rhodri , 38 , and the two brothers are now reconciling in an attempt to rebuild their relationship . ryan moved on a long time ago but was adamant ryan had to make the first move as he was the one who had done wrong . on easter sunday the brothers were spotted out together with friends at the neighbourhood bar in manchester .
tom ryan , 40 , was struck by a toyota while making deliveries on staten island . onlookers used a shirt as a tourniquet in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding . mr ryan has lost one leg , but is expected to live , a ups representative said .
nicola sturgeon said she would ` paralyse ' the uk economy with her demand for another referendum on scottish independence . the snp leader has spent the day campaigning in a nursery in loanhead , where she set out her ` triple lock ' for a second referendum . the first minister took a shot on the pool table as she played a game against children at the after-school club and community nursery .
the handwritten notes of samir al-khlifawi explains in detail how isis were able to take control in syria by infiltrating villages . the rapid growth and establishment of the islamic state in iraq and syria has been far from an accidental rise of religious fanaticism , but a calculated move orchestrated by one of saddam hussein 's closest men .
patrick o'melia , 39 , was on patrol near deland in florida when he found justin braddock unconscious in the front seat of a car he spent seven minutes giving him cpr . braddock , who had injected a large amount of the drug that day , was taken to hospital but fled . a two-year-old child was also said to have been found in the back of the car and the pair were later charged with neglect .
britain 's bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private . one bookie alone has taken five bets for more than # 10,000 on david cameron 's party to emerge with the most seats . with the election going down to the wire , bookies have seen a flood of political bets .
the splatters of blood on the checklist for the very first us spacewalk were from an astronaut as he frantically battled to close the hatch door of the spacecraft . but the gemini 4 mission of june 1965 ultimately proved successfully , and paved the way to astronauts walking on the moon for the first time four years later . the list shows the various steps the astronauts had to go through when opening and closing the hatch to space .
bradley manning , 27 , was convicted of leaking a trove of secret documents to the wikileaks website and was subsequently sentenced to 35 years prison . one month after being found guilty , manning announced that he had always identified as female and planned to start living as a woman named chelsea elizabeth manning . manning said not being able to grow her hair is ` painful and awkward ' because she is forced to reject one of the biggest physical transformations her body will go through now she
andrei lunev reportedly walked on a tripwire while reporting on recent fighting in shyrokyne , a village near mariupol in east ukraine . he received first aid at the scene by medics and visibly shaken colleagues , before he was taken to hospital . the incident took place in the wake of several exchanges of fire overnight and in the early hours on the outskirts of donetsk .
lyung gar buddhist academy is home to 40,000 monks and nuns , who travel to the settlement of sertar to study tibetan buddhism . the red and brown houses are nearly identical , with one to three rooms per hut and no heating or toilets installed . the sprawling settlement sits on elevations of 12,500 ft and the religious devotees battle harsh climates to study at the remote dwelling .
us environmental protection agency said it is contacting people including employees at sirenusa resort in st. john to determine how many others might have been exposed to the pesticide . it was banned for indoor residential use in 1984 . the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma .
the 223ft explorer is an exclusive superyacht which comes with its own helipad and car storage as well as space for 12 guests . it was designed to withstand any weather conditions and is sturdy enough to circumnavigate the globe . once the helicopter has landed , it can be store din a climate-controlled garage area , while leaving plenty of other areas free for passengers .
two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after ` all hell broke loose ' in a mass brawl at southport holiday park , merseyside . police were called after teenagers started ` running riot ' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas . one man from liverpool said the argument appeared to start after a confrontation between two groups .
mary day , 60 , of swanage in dorset , used taxpayers ' money to go on luxury holidays to the indian resort of goa for up to a month each time . her savings were # 11,000 above the # 16,000 threshold for savings . she was caught following an anonymous tip-off to benefits officers .
white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet after researchers set up camera traps . the monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area . it is one of the largest in the primate kingdom .
david nellist , 38 , of keswick , cumbria was foiled after a neighbour heard the young spaniel cross called coco ` screaming ' . he was sentenced to two months in prison , suspended for 18 months , ordered to complete 200 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of # 1,580 .
ed miliband has jumped ahead of the prime minister in personal approval ratings . the labour party has also taken a commanding four point lead over the tories . comes in the wake of a furious political row over the labour leader 's personal character . michael fallon said mr miliband could stab britain in the back like he did to his brother .
almost three quarters of toasted cheese sandwich eaters have sex at least once a month , compared with 63 per cent who steer clear of the comfort food . the type of cheese you put in your sandwich could also reveal a lot about you , the survey by us dating site skout found . if you like the simplicity of american cheese , maybe you 're easy going , but making the sandwich with gourmet ingredients such as a 15-year aged cheddar .
dave hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster derryn hinch a ` w ** ker ' on national television . hughes and hinch appeared on monday night 's q&a panel discussing depression and alcohol , following the emergence of a video featuring prime minister tony abbott skolling a beer in a pub . audience member lauren hayes asked minister for trade and investment andrew robb if he thought mr abbott 's ` display of irresponsible drinking was
shadow business secretary chuka umunna said he was opposed to ` taxing for the sake of taxing ' . his remarks highlighted divisions in labour 's top ranks over the 50p rate , introduced for the last few weeks of gordon brown 's government as a trap for the tories . when george osborne reduced it to 45p , arguing the rate was deterring businesspeople and ` wealth creators ' .
the harewood arms in wakefield , west yorkshire , is running a ` save the pub ' campaign in the run up to the election . landlord matt eason wrote on facebook : ` we believe in a lot of the policies ukip stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support ' .
lorraine valentine , 42 , suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria -lrb- epp -rrb- . causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or uv light . in summer , everyday tasks like picking her children up from school or going to buy some milk become extremely difficult .
nick cousins , 57 , and grace garcia cousins , 53 , were held over alleged ` ill treatment ' of their child after it emerged that her birth , and that of her 14-year-old sister , were never registered . the couple were also being questioned by police over claims that filipino mrs cousins had overstayed her visa .
study by aat found that over-55s had the same literacy and numeracy skills as those aged 16 to 24 -- and were worse at these skills than colleagues in their 30s and 40s . aat said death of a ` job for life ' meant workers could no longer rely on loyalty to their company and experience to take them through to retirement with the same employer .
jake castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest . the 19-year-old joked about the ` nightmare ' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences . he boasted on the social media site : ` we do n't talk to police ! ' .
gunfights broke out and . vehicles were set ablaze in one of mexico 's biggest . cities along the u.s. border , after . security forces arrested a . leader of one of the main drug gangs in the area . activity in parts of reynosa , a city across the rio grande .
kelly watson , 41 , of gateshead in tyne and wear , started having problems three years ago when she began struggling with her words and co-ordination . despite regular trips to gps , it was never suggested she might have dementia as she was too young . most likely she was bipolar or depressed . but after tests and a brain scan , she was hit with the horrifying news of early-onset dementia on her 41st birthday on june 23 last year . now she is
albert is from salt lake city and is a constant source of entertainment . he is named after famous physician albert einstein . albert is a breed of selkirk rex , known for their wild , curly hair . but not usually for their angered appareances , he has a permanent frown .
kent sprouse was put to death by lethal injection thursday night in texas . sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he killed a police officer and another man . he died 22 minutes after being injected and is now the nation 's most active death penalty state .
the shcherbakov family adopted the bear cub after it wandered up to the gate at their home in tulun , russia 's irkutsk region . the bear , nicknamed mishutka , will soon become a massive beast that will pose a danger to the family and become expensive to feed and shelter . wildlife experts caution against bringing an orphaned bear cub or any other wild animals into the home .
anna foord , of elstree , hertfordshire , convinced investors to buy low grade gems overvalued by up to 2,000 per cent . the 30-year-old even flew to new york to shop in fifth avenue 's most exclusive boutiques using the money she made . she was part of a gang of fraudsters who lived lavish lifestyles by selling investors coloured diamonds in the # 1.5 m ` boiler room ' scam .
a 20-year-old man has been charged with a medley of offences . he flipped the vehicle on saturday night in an intense police chase that left one passenger with a broken neck . officers can be seen extinguishing the flames and administering first aid as they wait for paramedics to transport the injured victims to hospital .
carole middleton , the new arrival 's grandmother , has become a permanent fixture at her norfolk home . nanny maria teresa turrion borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge . but while much of the effort has focused on prince george and making sure he does n't feel left out .
ronald reagan met mikhail gorbachev for the first time at a peace summit in geneva , switzerland in 1985 . reagan repeated the warning when he spoke to a group of students , and his subsequent speeches were examined by his advisers . he suggests his words may show that reagan saw there could have been a threat from aliens .
diamond silverman , 32 , a los angeles-based writer and self-confessed ` gender rebel ' , has been a fan of modcloth 's designs for years . it was through these images that rye caught the eye of the label 's executives , who were quick to contact her about starring as one of the brand 's monthly fashion truth campaign stars .
cheryl rios , who runs the company go ape marketing , posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced that she was going to run for president . ` with the hormones we have , there is no way -lsb- a woman -rsb- should be able to start a war , ' she wrote in her post . rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that , ` there 's an old biblical sound reasoning why
a small chocolate bunny contains 2212 kjs and would take an hour and ten minutes of swimming to work off . the key for easter indulgence is noting our ` energy in ' and ` energy out ' . experts are advising that it is better to manage our energy consumption than to try and work it off afterward .
alison sharland , 47 , agreed a # 10.35 m settlement in a deal that saw her give up her claim to an equal share in her husband 's software company . but husband charlie had lied about the value of his share in appsense , and she now says she is entitled to more .
michael schumacher , 17 , was one of the participants in the nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth . she was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in the ` first go-round 2nd section ' .
kieron power 's wife had previously been given a # 110 ticket for stopping . he went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at the stop . a week after she received the ticket given out by a council cctv ` spy car ' . mr power , 54 , from esher , surrey , was on his way home after taking the photographs .
mary kay letourneau , 53 , and her husband , vili fualaau , 31 , have spoken to barbara walters on ' 20/20 ' on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary . the couple 's two daughters , audrey and georgia , will join their parents for the interview , which will air on friday . she will discuss his struggle with alcoholism and depression .
geraldine schultz , 67 , was killed in fairdale , illinois , last week . her husband clem , 84 , was taken around 1980 to feature in a church directory . mrs schultz died aged 67 when a tornado struck her home in 1980 . she was miraculously reunited with his dog missy after she was spotted wandering .
audrey pekin , 19 , says she was attacked by a man , henry alafu , who she had met with other friends a few days earlier when he lured her to his remote home . the pair began drinking together at the bounty bar in kuta , before moving to the nearby sky garden to continue the night . ms pekin has slammed indonesian police for letting her attacker escape back to his native nigeria .
brianne altice , 35 , was ordered last month to stand trial on 14 felony charges , including rape , sodomy , sexual abuse and sex with a minor . in mid-march , one of the alleged victims brought a $ 647,000 lawsuit against the utah school district accusing officials of negligence for failing to fire the ` flirtatious ' teacher before she started a sexual relationship with him .
the discovery of fossil remains of animals , humans and tools has allowed the site to be identified as a hunting area for neanderthals . similar marks have been seen at other neanderthal sites showing how our ancestors cut and fractured the bones of their dead relatives . this is according to cuts seen on a number of fossils dating back 57,600 years .
glen walford has been embroiled in a legal battle with worcestershire county council over whether the # 205,000 house should be used to recover the cost of her mother 's care . the 75-year-old has recently invested # 40,000 in renovations . the theatre director intended to retire to the property . now the council has won the right to force her to use the equity in the house .
lee keeley , 38 , grabbed the unnamed woman and hit her head against a wall before stamping on her head and chest . the victim suffered a cut to her right ear , bruising and swelling to the ear , a grazed cheek as well as bruised ribs . he was jailed for two years and given an indefinite restraining order .
the ` nail ' houses in china are known as ` dingzihu ' or ` nail houses ' because they stick out and are difficult to remove . the owner of the house did n't reach an agreement with the local authority about compensation of the demolition . a nail house is seen surrounded by a ditch at a construction site in hefei , anhui province .
dawn williamson , 39 , was cured of her crippling snake phobia live on tv today by therapists nik and eva speakman . at the beginning of the show , dawn broke down in tears at the mere sight of a plastic snake , which sent her heart rate soaring . she was able to touch a real-life 9ft burmese python as it stretched out across her lap , leaving hosts philip schofield and amanda holden gob-smacked .
google has announced a tool that locates missing handsets by searching for the term ` find my phone ' on the search engine 's homepage . it works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed and when the user is signed into their google account on chrome . the same google account must be signed into on the phone .
actress sulinh lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she was the sole female stunt driver in the action flick starring vin diesel , michelle rodriguez and dwayne johnson . the 5-foot-5 , 95-pound actress gushed about how thrilling it was for her to join a major franchise like fast & furious .
andrew steele , 40 , has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths of his wife , 39-year-old ashlee steele and her sister , kacee tollefsbol , of lake elmo , minnesota . taking the stand for the defense on day 2 of the insanity phase of his trial dr. doug tucker testified that a rambling note steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is
ibdhist wu yunqing was preserved wearing a golden cloak and beads in 1998 at lingquan temple in central china 's anyang city . now 17 years on , his facial features and wispy beard are still clearly visible , the people 's daily online reports .
only a quarter say it is important to know about leaders ' domestic lives . ed miliband , david cameron and nick clegg have all invited tv cameras into their homes . mr clegg became the latest to show off his kitchen , only to have it criticised for being mismatched and dated .
queensland resident roxy walsh found the ring while snorkelling at finns beach club in bali on april 7 . the ring has what appears to be a family crest and has been engraved with the heartfelt message : ` darling joe , happy 70th birthday 2009 , love jenny ' .
jamie pettingill was ordered to complete 350 hours of community service after being found guilty of stealing six mobile phones . he robbed two women , a man and two schoolboys of their phones , and sold them to fund a gambling addiction he was hiding from his family . the 26-year-old is the son of one of australia 's most notorious crime families .
marie surprenant was eight-months-old when she was admitted to the children 's healthcare of atlanta with more than 14 fractures , numerous bruises and a spinal cord injury that left her paraplegic . after her biological mother and her boyfriend were arrested , marie was placed into foster care and later adopted by michele . she went on to introduce herself and tell her story .
abu bakr al-baghdadi has been injured in an air strike and is no longer in control of the terrorist group , according to an iraqi source . at first his chances of survival were deemed by his lieutenants to be low , but he pulled through . he was left so weakened that his inner circle reportedly mooted the idea of naming a new leader .
christopher flowers , 84 , was traveling down chili avenue , near route 390 , in rochester on march 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt . he immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top . but the windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso . flowers , of chili , was rushed to strong memorial hospital , where he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck . but on sund
jack mascitelli , from victoria , took up the unsavoury dare in broad daylight at 8.45 am during schoolies week in the popular nsw beach town . the prank backfired when he accidentally ran ` screaming and yelling ' past a group of police officers , the sydney morning reports . he was fined $ 500 for offensive behaviour .
the robot , named aiko chihira , is set to start work at a department store in tokyo to help customers find their way around . toshiba describes the eerie android , which has blinking eyes and a fixed smile , as having the appearance of ' a friendly young woman ' .
three people have been sent to prison and another two are awaiting sentencing for their roles in a horrific assault on a 53-year-old man . corry ` corey ' campbell , 21 , was the ringleader of the gang , who have become known as the ` tattoo terrorists ' . greg valecce , an unemployed drug addict , had been staying in the basement of campbell 's mother 's house in mayfair , in the city 's northeast . however that basement would
the house in the sea sits right on the beach in newquay and can only be reached by crossing a 90ft-high suspension bridge . surrounded by water and isolated from the town , the tiny island is far from basic . the interiors are a luxurious mix of sleek neutrals and modern design , with panoramic sea views offered at every turn .
ranette afonso , 42 , is set to marry marko conte , 30 , in october . they fell head over wheels in love and moved in together within two months . ranette , from north london , has a son and 18-year-old daughter . she said : ' i was waiting for my husband , who had popped into the bank ' .
kyle seitz , 37 , of ridgefield , connecticut , received two years of conditional release , a sentence similar to probation , at the hearing in danbury superior court . his lawyer read aloud a letter written by his wife asking the judge for leniency on his behalf . authorities say seitz forgot to take his 15-month-old son , benjamin , to day care on the morning of july 7 , 2014 , and left him in the car for seven hours while he went to
baby arley was born on the i-65 in louisville , kentucky , on tuesday after his parents became stuck in traffic en route to hospital due to the presidential motorcade . tonia vetter , a high-risk nurse and mother of five , was sitting in her car listening to music , when she realized something was happening up ahead . the couple , who are both in hospital after the dramatic delivery , were n't going to make it .
mexican federal authorities arrested juarez cartel boss jesus salas aguayo on friday , bringing an end to the career of a criminal who was famed for dispatching his enemies with the use of dynamite . earning the nickname ` the liquidator ' for the brutal and ruthless methods that earned him a place on the dea 's most wanted list .
cannes director thierry fremaux admitted he did not have the powers to ban the pictures altogether . he said the ` ridiculous and grotesque ' pictures slowed the entire event down , causing problems for organisers . celebrities who will have to watch their selfie-taking include rosario dawson and nabilla benattias .
sybil meister firmly believes her daughter koral reef picked up the deadly and mysterious balamuthia mandrillaris infection during a family trip to lake havasu in may 2013 . reef married her high school sweetheart that july and began to show worsening symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck a couple of months later . by october 2014 , reef would be dead .
teachers are suffering broken arms and severed fingers at the hands of violent pupils as young as six . nasuwt union said indiscipline is a ` significant problem ' . last year , staff at eight schools refused to teach pupils who threw chairs , brought fireworks in and threatened to slit other children 's throats .
a new series , chaos caught on camera , premieres on science channel monday , april 13 . reveals the extraordinary footage taken by people in the middle of the drama , giving a unique perspective of real life or death situations . a battle between a hungry lion and a buffalo in the mjejane reserve in south africa will be seen on the show .
dmitry kaminskiy , a senior partner of hong kong-based firm , is hoping his million dollar gift will trigger a new group of ` supercenternarians ' . he says research into stem cells , tissue rejuvenation and regenerative medicine will allow people to live beyond 120 . french born jeanne calment currently holds the record , having lived to age 122.5 .
the temperature in the south is forecast to reach 24c today and 25c -lrb- 77f -rrb- tomorrow , surpassing the highest seen so far this year . the delightful weather , caused by warm air blowing up from the azores , is creating conditions we might usually experience in july or august .
dr nadeem azeez , 52 , is thought to be in pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence . fellow anaesthetist dr errol cornish , 67 , accused of corporate manslaughter . maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust is also accused of manslaughter .
the telemovie will be shown in countries such as syria , iraq and afghanistan later in the year . it will reportedly have a story-line which involves the australian navy and asylum seekers drowning at sea . an immigration department spokesperson would not clarify whether the government will fully fund the drama .
the incident occurred in the busy fisherman 's wharf area of san francisco when the cyclist rode up to the vehicle , yelled at the driver , banged on his window and pushed in his mirror . emerson decarvalho , 38 , stayed at the scene of the crash and was charged with assault with a deadly weapon .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . mrs sedway initially said she was fine , but when the airline employee approached her a second time , she indicated that she might require a little extra time to board the plane .
corey edwards , from teignmouth , devon , was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect at the age of seven months . he has undergone eight open-heart operations and other treatments . his parents craig , 28 , and jemma , 21 , listen to their wedding vows during their marriage at bristol children 's hospital .
michelle o'clee , 39 , said her bigamist husband 's ` extraordinary lies ' were like something from a john grisham thriller . michelle was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy last week . the ex-soldier told his first wife he had to leave their home because he was on a witness protection scheme -- and even left mid-way through the birth .
number of communications employees working for local government two times that working across 20 central government departments . nearly 45 councils employ 20 or more communications staff each , with manchester city council the worst offender for its size . figures unveiled in freedom of information act request by press gazette to 435 city , district and borough councils .
maria twomey , 42 , of watford , became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike . she has now left behind her job in nursing and has joined the ranks of professional fitness models , hitting the gym for three hours a day .
richard williams , 54 , had spent # 50,000 of the cash turning a canal narrowboat into a replica german second world war submarine with torpedo tubes and a periscope . his ex-wife laurel howarth , 28 , was jailed for 20 months for her part in the five-year scam which defrauded her majesty 's revenue and customs of # 1,017,505 .
the figure , which equates to # 183 an hour , was paid by the shrewsbury and telford hospital nhs trust . it represents double the rate for a neurologist and was revealed following a freedom of information request . there were 47 agency nurses working at the trust in december last year .
arman nejad , 23 , dragged teenager into his house and abused her in 2009 . three years later police visited her about a different matter and she asked why her rape case was shelved . today greater manchester police admitted ` unacceptable delays and failures ' allowed the rapist to live as a free man just streets away from the girl he attacked .
the video was taken of a routine skydive in everöd , sweden . it is believed the footage was taken four years ago and kristoffer Örstadius 's father uploaded the footage to youtube . it has amassed more than 250,000 views since it was uploaded to the site .
karen catherall , 45 , was viciously beaten and strangled to death by darren jeffreys , 47 , who she met on dating site plenty of fish . the pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in gwernaffield , north wales , when she followed and attacked in an alcohol-fuelled rage . police have since told the family that the mother-of-two made a 999 call from her mobile just after she returned
shanna mccormick , 31 , managed to lose 16.5 st in two years . doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she did n't slim down - and fast . she was determined not to be a fat wife to her boyfriend of 14 years , dan dimmock , 31 .
the loose women panellist said she was ` hounded on twitter ' after airing her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers . she now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20 . the mother-of-two admitted she had found the anger directed towards her following her comments ` really difficult ' .
femail has worked with dietitian lucy jones from the almond board of california to study snacking habits in the uk . ms jones told femail : ` snack amnesiacs are mindless munchers who subconsciously snack , opening something and eating far more than they intended ' .
lianna barrientos , 39 , is accused of marrying 10 men over the course of 11 years in an apparent immigrant scam . she was deported back to pakistan for making threatening statements against the united states in 2006 after an investigation by the joint terrorism task force . prosecutors say she married 10 men simultaneously .
scientists have discovered 20 stone flakes and anvils - used to help shape the tools - just west of lake turkana in kenya . the discovery could fundamentally change the current view of human evolution as - if correct - the date of the stone tools is 700,000 years older than any others found previously . it means that ancient human ancestors were creating tools hundreds of thousands of years before the appearance of the first ` man ' - the start of our branch of the evolutionary tree known as
kenneth stancil iii , 20 , said he ` ridded one last child molester from the earth ' as he appeared before the judge in daytona beach , florida . he is accused of walking into wayne county community college in goldsboro , north carolina on monday and killing his former supervisor , ronald lane , 44 , before fleeing on a motorbike . he was arrested more than 500 miles away early on tuesday after officers found him sleeping
walter the bat , from sydney , picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner 's cup of tetley 's tea . the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat has found an unusual cure for his pain by sipping on a mug of tea . since walter acquired the unusual taste , all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage .
photographer linden gledhill captured the finer details of a butterfly 's wing in stunning clarity . the 51-year-old uses a modified microscope and a camera to capture the detail of the insects ' wing pattern . butterfly wings are covered by thousands of microscopic scales split into two to three layers , which gives them their greek order name of lepidoptera .
labour 's deputy leader harriet harman said grandparents would be allowed to take up to four unpaid weeks off per year . she said the policy would require a change in the law and would help millions of working families . more than half of mothers rely on grandparents for childcare when they first go back to work after maternity leave .
the woman , named only as gemma , has two children under five by two different fathers and handed both infants over to her 52-year-old mother debbie . now debbie is threatening to ban gemma from seeing the children at all , after discovering her daughter 's penchant for legal high , mkat .
the duchess of cambridge 's due date is more than a week away . john loughery , 60 , was the only member of the public to attend every day of the inquest into the death of princess diana in 2008 . mrs tyler is an avid collector of royal memorabilia who has amassed a trove worth more than # 10,000 .
lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy 's bag . the alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of a severe stomach ache and began vomiting blood once he arrived home . verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder and detained for questioning .
amanda knox spoke outside her parents ' home on march 27 flanked by her fiancé colin sutherland after she was exonerated for the murder of meredith kercher . three weeks after an italian court overturned her conviction for the 2007 murder of british student . preston hinted to radaronline that she is suffering ptsd and seeking professional help .
alexander pacteau , 21 , has been charged with the murder of karen buckley . he is also charged with attempting to defeat the ends of justice . miss buckley , a qualified nurse , went missing following a night out . her body was later found by police at a farm six miles north of the city .
activated charcoal is thought to act as a ` detox ' with a green tea or a wheatgrass juice ? or pack your diet full of flax seeds and acai berry - all in the hope of improving your cholesterol , preventing cancer and promoting weight loss ? every day across the world scientists publish countless studies into the health benefits of various foods .
justine miliband said she fell in love with her husband ed after she was attacked by a doberman . but the labour leader failed to tell his future wife that he was in a relationship when they first met at a party . mrs miliband , 44 , said she first met labour leader at a dinner party hosted by a mutual friend .
tori spelling was a trouper and stuck through her family brunch at benihana 's japanese restaurant in encino , california , tori , hubby dean mcdermott , their kids , liam , stella , hattie and finn . tori 's doctor 's determined she had a severe burn and suggested they remove the damaged skin and graft skin from another area of the body . she was eventually taken to the grossman burn center at the
jamie oliver 's company has said that influential vloggers should try and ensure adverts for unhealthy foods do n't appear next to their posts . comes after an investigation found that video blogs - known as vlogs - are being hijacked by 30-second adverts . others are for haribo , coca-cola and for an online gambling website .
georgia high school basketball coach greg scott , 51 , was diagnosed with leukemia on monday . he had taught special education and social studies at cass high school and was the school 's head basketball coach . less than 24 hours after the devastating diagnosis , scott went to his doctor where he was shocked to discover he had leukemia .
robert menendez is facing the possibility of 15 years in prison for using his position to help a wealthy donor in exchange for nearly $ 1million in gifts and campaign contributions . the 61-year-old democrat has pleaded not guilty to eight bribery counts related to his close personal friendship with eye surgeon dr salomon melgen . according to an indictment unsealed this month , menendez used his influence to get visas for married melgen 's multiple young lovers abroad .
muslim engagement and development was said to have boasted that they can act as ` kingmakers ' when the country goes to the polls . the group , which wants to let british muslims fight in syria without fear of prosecution , has bragged that it is in talks with both the conservatives and labour .
na chu had just returned from a trip to the zoo when her grandmother accidentally locked her in the house by herself . the five-year-old panicked and ran to the window but fell between the protective metal slats of the residential property . some used a piece of pipe to prop her up and prevent her from suffocating , while others supported her feet .
siyanda ngwenya , known as adams , allegedly attacked the female contestant while she was asleep after a drunken night of partying in the house . the pair were last seen on tv kissing and cuddling in bed before the cameras moved away . the alleged victim is said to have been shocked by the claims and reportedly told female contestants she did not consent to having sex .
victoria 's secret angel alessandra ambrosio was treated at the ronald reagan center of ucla hospital in westwood , los angeles . she had seemed in perfect health at the coachella festival in california on sunday but was suffering ` constant headaches ' .
andy jordan from made in chelsea has enjoyed the best hotels around the world , but also enjoys a stay at travelodge . the singer released his album , geography , last year and in the title song he sings about falling in love at first sight on london 's underground . the ladies of london will be delighted to know he is completely open to finding love on trains .
the daily mirror published pictures of the hatton garden raiders 21 hours before scotland yard released them in a bid to appeal for information about identities of the thieves . the tabloid claims it handed the images to police , who were ` delighted ' . but yesterday detectives insisted they already had the cctv footage , which they claim was recovered ` at the earliest opportunity ' .
adina-lee vincent is one of the many emerging models signed with aboriginal model management australia . the agency started off with just five models and now has 40 including noreen carr . however , next year 's annual global event will mark a significant shift if kira-lea dargin gets her way .
asia bines , who is the face of the popular fitness program ashy bines bikini body challenge , is being chased by the tax office over debts . the debts , which were due last may , include income and tax , a fine and $ 295,955 worth of interest . ms bines and her husband steven evans have reportedly sold their shares in abbbc to platinum investment group .
benjamin carr , 22 , harboured a burning hatred of mother-of-five pennie davis , 47 , during her six-year relationship with his father . he ordered fellow drug dealer justin robertson , 36 , to kill her after she threatened to tell police he sexually assaulted young girls . carr was caught after the killer accidentally left his car keys beside her body and was forced to call a friend to pick him up from the isolated spot .
archaeologists have begun a daunting project to restore the once-mighty castle at zhangjiakou , in china 's northern hebei province . the fortress was built in 1393 and managed to repel all attacks by the invading mongolian armies . the restoration of the fortress - which was given the coveted title of ` wucheng ' or ` martial city ' - will see building work completed in the original ming dynasty style of architecture .
robert downey jr has helped raise more than # 1million for british hospice . his offer was up for grabs via $ 10 -lrb- # 6.80 -rrb- raffle tickets and raised money for children 's hospice julia 's house . it raised # 1,388,863 for the dorset-based charity , which will now use the money to build a new hospice in wiltshire .
the western lowland gorillas have been spotted roaming around the zoo 's congo gorilla forest exhibit with their mothers layla and kumi , who are both 16 years old . the duo have been welcomed by the other 17 gorillas in the enclosure , including ernie , who is father to them both .
viktoria 's crestfallen reaction was captured on camera by her father . she comes to terms with the tragedy that is the death of simba the lion 's father , mufasa . mr charkley posted the brief video , which has so far garnered more than four million views .
the film is part of a series of films exploring other stories outside of the core ` star wars ' saga . at the same time , the iconic franchise 's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline , saying : ' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans ' .
chris greenwood stayed at camping la chappelle with his wife , catherine , and children , joe and anna , five , after arriving in a tired and tetchy state . the children spent plenty of time in the pool , playing with the many new friends they made . joe grabbed some towels and trudged off to the shower block .
tasters at jacob 's creek sampled different types of wine with 10 of the nation 's most popular snacks and light bites . sauvignon blanc was found to be the perfect pairing for salted popcorn and a scotch egg goes down a treat with a drop of fiano .
a woman was killed instantly on wednesday after she drove her suv around an active crossing gate and collided with an amtrak train in meridian , mississippi . the coroner said the woman drove around functioning gates and flashers at the gate near downtown meridian . no one else was in the vehicle .
luke brett moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception . the 27-year-old goulburn man was able to overdraw $ 2.189 million over three years from his st george bank . he dipped into the account 48 times and spent the money on a number of expensive items .
tom richards , 25 , was arrested yesterday morning in his home city of swansea . the cage fighter was bailed at 7pm as police continue their investigation . comes after westbrook , 41 , made claims on social media that her former lover had been violent towards her , posting a photograph on twitter of her bruised hand .
google is said to be in talks with hutchison whampoa to let its users make calls and send texts in any country at no extra cost . industry sources said the firms are discussing a ` wholesale access agreement ' that would help google create a global network . customers would then be able to use this global network to make calls , send texts and use data as part of their plan .
the 12-year-old was walking in the subway underneath a major road in newbury , berkshire , when two boys approached him . they sprayed the highly flammable wd40 , usually used on cars or locks , over him before producing a lighter and threatening to burn him . police are now hunting the pair following their threats in broad daylight on easter monday afternoon .
australian tourist dirk nienaber filmed the video on a hot day in bali , indonesia . the monkey interactes with a tour guide , who squirts water at it from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down . with bottle in hand , the monkey takes its time before attempting to quench its thirst .
the footballer checked into a facility on january 28 after stating that he wanted to ` be a better family member , friend and teammate ' . he also stayed away from the booze , sipping water throughout the game . this as offseason workouts with the team will begin next monday , april 20 .
paul monk , 54 , was wanted by spanish police for questioning over the kidnap and murder of francis brennan . he was also wanted by the metropolitan police on drug offences and had been named on a list of fugitives published as part of the national crime agency 's operation captura campaign .
former prime minister john howard found himself standing on the footpath outside the sydney conservatorium of music . felicity waterford was waiting for her daughter to finish a concert at the conservatorium in when she noticed the vehicle and got out to offer some assistance . the former pm chatted eagerly to ms waterford explaining they had been driving along the cahill expressway when they realised they had a flat tyre .
the governor is heading a delegation of 18 academics and business leaders visiting the island in the wake of the announcement that the us and cuba would restore diplomatic relations . today , cuomo met with cuba 's top officials for u.s. relations along with executives from jetblue , mastercard , pfizer and other new york-based companies .
ten former atlanta public school educators , convicted earlier this month of racketeering in one of the largest u.s. test-cheating scandals , were told to consider plea deals or face significantly more time behind bars . fulton county judge jerry baxter urged the defendants to accept deals with the prosecution in the trial over a widespread conspiracy to cheat on state tests . he also threatened prison sentences for them if they fail to reach those deals .
ukip leader nigel farage had an awkward exchange with hungarian ivan loncsarevity at a hinge factory in essex . mr farage was quick to insist he did not want to send eu migrants home to stop them taking the jobs of young britons . he wants an australian-style system to set targets for the level of skills needed for someone to come to britain in search of work .
kevin carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and every day since then he has completed on average one and a quarter marathons a day . in the process , he will become the fastest man to ever run around the world . if he is successful , mr carr will beat the current record held by australian ultramarathon runner tom denniss .
the queen 's guard slipped on a manhole cover during changing of the guard . he lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . holidaymaker david meadwell recorded the unscheduled manouevre outside buckingham palace on thursday afternoon .
the 61-year-old actor believes the church is targeted ` because it 's not understood ' . despite allegations he has been blackmailed by the elders to remain in the congregation , he insists : ` i 've loved every minute of it ' . his words came in an interview with good morning america to promote his new thriller the forger about the world 's most infamous art plagiarist .
the movie , called sun , was created by filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany . it uses footage recorded by nasa 's solar dynamics observatory -lrb- sdo -rrb- spacecraft between 2011 and 2015 . highlights of the video include large , bright tendrils extending outward from the sun 's surface and occasionally crashing down again .
british army fired 46 million bullets at the taliban during afghan conflict . some 27 million 5.56 rounds were fired from either standard sa-80 assault rifle or minimi machine gun . each round cost approximately 50p , but are able to go through solid concrete and can destroy a taliban vehicle in seconds .
the sutton arms , in elton , stockton , was found with mouse droppings . two dozen people suffered gastroenteritis and six had clostridium perfringens . owner michael alan flegg , 68 , pleaded guilty to nine food hygiene offences . he appeared at teesside magistrates ' court yesterday .
researchers in the us examined the effects of sweetened drinks on 19 women aged between 18 and 40 . half the group were given sugary drinks at breakfast , lunch and dinner over 12 days , while the other half had drinks made with the artificial sweetener aspartame . saliva samples were also used to measure levels of cortisol , which is made by the adrenal glands .
ellen beasley has more than 20 tattoos but lived to regret featuring lost prophet lyrics in one of her inkings . the aspiring model from new milton , hampshire , was sent to prison for 35 years in 2013 after being convicted of a string of child sex offences . ellia said she was shocked when she heard about watkin 's depraved crimes - and hated the fact she was associated with him thanks to her tattoo .
lord macdonald qc said that instead of consulting with headquarters in london , cps lawyers decided fresh evidence against janner was not worth pursuing through the courts . that decision meant janner , now 86 , was able to escape prosecution for eight years until the cps announced earlier this week that he is now unfit to stand trial due to alzheimer 's .
footage shows isis thugs using sledgehammers and ak-47 rifles . they are shown smashing shrines and statues in the unesco world heritage city of hatra . militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars .
amanda richards hit out at lane bryant 's recent i 'm no angel lingerie campaign , which was widely perceived to have been a rather blatant critique of popular lingerie giant victoria 's secret . the clothing store , which carries us sizes 14 to 28 , has been applauded for the new campaign .
sergeant dan urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground , he slipped on the ice , causing both to tumble over while still hugging . as part of the planned surprise , eitan and his wife ronit , of scottsdale , arizona , had been invited to drop the puck before the game against the anaheim ducks . the national hockey league organization said they had won the puck drop because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20
amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc , us , has launched its pot-pairing menu which matches five falafels to different strains of weed . owners arianne and scott bennett devised the rather sophisticated falcon toppings best eaten when smoking marijuana . the restaurant recommends a baba ganoush , beetroot , pickled turnips , coleslaw , garlic parsley and tahini .
joe parker , 33 , was about to get off the sunshine bus in st johns county on wednesday when he asked the driver if he would like a snickers bar . when the driver declined the offering , parker threw the candy bar at his head instead . he was not injured but called the police and parker was arrested for battery .
clorox has apologized for a social media misstep after the company sparked outrage by tweeting ` where 's the bleach ' in reference to last week 's introduction of new 'em oji ' cartoons for iphones . some users blasted the company for what they said was a ` racist ' post .
joseph t. brennan jr. , of norwell , massachusetts was found with a home full of bomb-making materials . police searched the home after an incident saturday night in which he accidentally blew up his car while smoking a cigarette near gun powder . he was admitted to brigham and women 's hospital in boston .
joanne whitehouse applied for daughter alice to go to st john fisher 's rc primary school in middleton near rochdale . her sons joel , nine , harri , seven , and ollie , six , already attend the school . she believed there would be ` no issue ' with her daughter gaining a place . ms whitehouse 's granddaughter olivia , who is also four , also missed out .
antestay.com lists options for single people , couples and families in cities , established holiday areas or farther afield . at best , homestays are offered by hosts who want to help you understand their country or district . we can all find the dordogne or lake garda on a map but this gets you closer to the real region faster and cheaper .
the $ 40 -lrb- # 26 -rrb- cloth cover is said to hydrate the face and prevent lines while you sleep . unlike a normal cotton pillowcase , the wrinkle preventing pillowcase 's special blend of ` hydrophobic fibres ' keeps the complexion hydrated all night .
dias costa , 49 , slashed the face , arms , and necks of the raiders , who fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood . the burglary took place late at night in the cerro norte neighbourhood of cordoba , in central argentina . all of the men are currently in intensive care .
lindsey vonn looked a little teed off at the first day of the masters in augusta , georgia , on thursday as her beau tiger made some high profile mistakes . the 30-year-old 's right knee has been rebuilt not once but twice . tiger is no doubt hoping he can pull off a feat like vonn 's breathtaking return to alpine skiing .
mailonline travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era . the cottage , which sleeps four , features dark wood beamed ceilings and plenty of mid-century furnishings . the quaint cottage starts at # 98 per night . in the 1960s , there was an increased emphasis on peace , love and freedom of expression .
huw thomas suggested on an online forum in 2006 that england flags were for a ` simpleton ' or a ` casual racist ' . he posted his views on a welsh language website called mais e writing during the 2006 world cup : ' i agree it is totally sickening the number of english flags to be seen around wales ' .
more than 200 countries saw lady gaga perform a tribute to the sound of music to mark its 50th anniversary . each year , 300,000 people come to salzburg to soak up the magic and visit the locations of the film . it 's the reason three-quarters of all tourists head to the city .
the scene portrayed a teenager testifying called gavin daly , played by cecily strong , in court during the trial of janet johnson-luna . the youngster tells the court the affair lasted five ` glorious weeks ' and he instigated it to gain extra credit . an attorney asks the boy how long the illicit relationship lasted .
the former secretary of state will hold her first low-key campaign event on tuesday . of the ten students interviewed in the school 's public lounge , only two would speak kindly of mrs. clinton . ` what else is she supposed to do ? ' predicted student hallie corum in between classes .
jack andraka was born in 1997 and grew up in suburban maryland with his elder brother , luke , and parents , a nurse , and steve . the andrakas encouraged their boys to think about how the world worked : school runs were fiercely competitive as jack and luke tried to solve science questions fired at them by their mother .
princess anne , maryland , father and his seven children were found dead monday afternoon from carbon monoxide poisoning . princess anne police told daily mail online that no foul play was suspected in the deaths . seven of the eight victims were juveniles between the ages of six and 16 , but they have not been named as of midnight .
jack rowe was found face down in his family 's swimming pool in upavon , wiltshire , last july around 20 minutes after being reported missing to police . the toddler had been trying to reach a toy when he fell into the water , an inquest into his death heard . a coroner ruled the death as accidental after hearing how he ` never went near ' the pool .
green party demanded an end to austerity with a radical # 176 billion a year spending splurge . state pensions would be increased by more than # 60 a week , child benefit doubled , tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent . green party leader natalie bennett defended her ` vision of a fair economy ' .
max is a 18.5 in high fully-grown husky corgi cross in basildon , essex . after being abandoned , he has now taken refuge at the dogs trust . the trust is in no doubt that the trend is partly due to fans wanting to follow the stars of game of thrones and twilight .
the 20-month-old has been cast as a blinged-up rascal with a tattoo . teasers for the itv programme show the duke and duchess of cambridge worrying their son has turned out a little , well , common . the plotline plays off newspaper headlines which dubbed his mother kate the commoner .
lisa and james tuttle moved with their five children to the rural village of geldeston in norfolk in 2005 . they thought their big house with a large garden surrounded by arable land would be a peaceful and idyllic family home . but their happiness was shattered in 2014 after their dogs marley and lily were shot after escaping on to their neighbour 's farmland .
chris roberts , a computer security researcher on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference was told he could n't fly on united airlines saturday . he was stopped by the fbi after landing in syracuse , new york , and was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy . authorities also seized his laptop and other electronics , although his lawyer says he has n't seen a search warrant
a video posted on vine by a user known as old row shows the girl surrounded by her fellow festival goers at texas-based country music festival chilifest . seconds after the college student shows a clenched fist - or a ` rock ' - to the three officers , one of whom chose ` scissors ' as his option , thereby claiming a victory . the clip was captioned : ` these cops let her play rock paper scissors to not get arrested . she won . gig 'em #chil
robert gentile , 78 , appeared in federal court in hartford , connecticut , on friday and was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent . his attorney , ryan mcguigan , contended federal bureau of . investigation agents really want to see what gentile knows about the . theft of $ 500million in artwork from boston 's isabel stewart . gardner museum 25 years ago .
david crossley , 63 , a musculoskeletal therapist from birmingham , admits : ' i would often be so busy at the clinic that i 'd forget to drink any liquid at all , other than the odd cup of tea or coffee ' . last year , this habit caught up with him . he noticed a vague ache in his abdomen , stretching around to his back .
union barons handed ed miliband more than # 1.6 million in the first week of the election campaign -- treble the donations received by the tories . it included a # 1million cheque from unite , entrenching labour 's reliance on the union 's militant boss len mccluskey .
emma walker slipped into a dangerous cycle , her weight plummeting in a matter of months . the 15-year-old was admitted to hospital twice and faced rigorous counselling sessions . her mother kim waddington said it was devastating watching her daughter battle the eating disorder as a ` horrific ' ordeal .
the boeing 787 dreamliner has been decorated to look like r2-d2 . the cockpit and front half of the white fuselage are painted with blue panels . news of the aircraft , which ana says will ply an international route in the autumn , comes as fans got their first look at a new teaser trailer for ` star wars : the force awakens ' .
madalina neagu , 42 , arrived at a hospital in with severe pain in her abdomen . she told doctors she believed she was pregnant at all . instead , she was carrying a 11lbs -lrb- 5kg -rrb- tumour inside her uterus . one of the doctors treating her , dr dorin scladan , 47 , said she will recover .
rodney stover , 48 , was arraigned on thursday for rape , predatory sex assault and other charges for last saturday 's attack in the bathroom at the turnmill bar on east 27th street . stover allegedly grabbed the victim , a long island student , by the throat , forced her into a stall and attacked her before fleeing the bar . when the 23-year-old victim had entered the bar bathroom at about 7.50 pm on saturday , her attacker , thought to
cao yu held off the man in a terrifying struggle in a public square in guizhou province in southwestern china earlier this month . the 22-year-old stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him . she continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete , sustaining further wounds to both hands .
the thief entered a branch of lloyds bank in new milton , hampshire . before threatening cashier staff and ordering them to hand over money . the man , whose face and hands were heavily swathed in bandages , then fled . police say a 56-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of robbery .
william snyder , 34 , has been charged with abuse of a corpse and evidence-tampering after the discovery of her body . kelley jo snycder was found in a river near to their home on saturday . she was last seen alive on easter sunday .
nic newling , 28 , killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses , which helped put his life back into perspective . he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before being diagnosed with bipolar disorder . the mental health advocate is using his story of loss and confusion to raise awareness of mental illness .
emily and byron schlenker are the world record holders for having the world 's widest female and male toungues . the father and daughter have been recognised by guinness world records and have tongues a whopping 8.6 cm and 7.3 cm wide respectively . byron only discovered his tongue was the widest in the world when he picked up a copy of the guinness book of world records .
five-year-old was taken from southampton general hospital last august . couple were found in spain but released without charge . freedom of information request revealed staff and officers claimed # 12,712.97 in overtime over six days . a further # 1406 was spent on accommodation , # 132 on travel and parking .
gaioz nigalidze was expelled from the dubai open chess tournament . he was caught sneaking to the toilet to check moves on his mobile phone . the two-time national champion was exposed when his opponent lodged a complaint when he grew suspicious about his frequent trips to the lavatory . tournament organisers announced their decision to expel him on sunday .
gordon jack , 47 , was taken to hospital when emergency services were called . mr jack , a father-of-three , collapsed while covering the dress rehearsal of andy murray 's wedding . he was found to be unconscious and taken to forth valley hospital , where he is understood to have been placed in a medically induced coma .
jim ratcliffe , founder of chemical company ineos , has applied to planning officials in the new forest to seek to demolish an existing beach hut . the 62-year-old businessman is based in switzerland claims that the new house , if built , will be his only uk residence .
the lowenbrau keller , in sydney 's the rocks , has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan ` wunderbra ' . the same campaign features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ` make mein a dubbel ' . collective shout claim the advertisements reinforces sexual objectification .
just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home . compared to almost half a year ago -lrb- 49 per cent -rrb- . this rises to eight in 10 for londoners , where house prices have risen by double-digits in recent years .
ryan giroux , 41 , has pleaded not guilty to one count of first-degree murder and 22 other charges at a hearing at the maricopa county superior court on monday . he has convictions in three states totally more than eight years for burglary , theft , armed aggravated assault and a marijuana violation . giroux is reported to be a member of the hammerskin nation , a notoriously violent racist skinhead group connected with the aryan brotherhood . he previously had the words ` skin ' and
matheryn naovaratpong , from thailand , is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved . she was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last april . tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain . after a months of intensive treatment , including 12 rounds of brain surgery , 20 chemotherapy treatments , and 20 radiation therapy sessions .
kejonuma leisure land , in tohoku , japan , attracted hundreds of thousands of visitors per year . the once-bustling family-friendly attraction closed its doors officially in 2000 following a drop in visitors . urban explorer florian seidel , 38 , visited the creepy location to document the extent of the site 's ongoing dereliction .
dennis porter , 46 , cleared 46-year-old officer dante servin in march 2012 shooting death of rekia boyd , 22 . moments before he announced the verdict on monday , he asked loved ones who might be prone to outbursts to leave the courtroom , fearing there would be an emotionally-charged response . victim 's brother martinez sutton then screamed : ` you want me to be quiet ? this m ***** f ***** killed my sister ! '
skopelos has a relaxed , offbeat vibe that plays out in the pretty port of chora . the island lies in the sporades , east of the mainland , with no airport , most people fly to skiathos . it has one of the most scenic ports in greece .
teresa sheldon , 38 , charged with murdering son tommy and attempted murder of another child . tommy died two weeks after suffering horrendous burns in the fireball on a country lane in hursley , near winchester in hampshire . two passers-by spotted the blazing hatchback and rushed to help when they spotted the little boy still inside the car . the schoolboy was treated at the scene before being taken to southampton general hospital and on to a specialist burns unit in bristol .
yelp , founded in 2004 by two former paypal employees , is a website that lets users write their own reviews of businesses like restaurants and doctor 's offices . however , like many web businesses , yelp 's revenue comes mainly from advertising and the businesses that buy ads are often rated and reviewed on the site . filmmaker kaylie milliken says she 's already interviewed several small businesses who believe they 've been targeted by the company for refusing to advertise .
a sheriff 's department in florida has released a video showing spring break revelers milling about on a beach not 10 feet from where an unconscious 19-year-old girl was being gang raped by a group of men . the brief cellphone clip came to light as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the march attack in panama city beach . so far , a pair of students from alabama 's troy university were allegedly seen in a cellphone video recorded last month sexually assaulting a
health department continues to investigate how 34 people in six states contracted the hepatitis a virus . patties foods said no hepatitis a or e.coli were detected in any sample of its recalled and non-recalled nanna 's mixed berries 1kg product during its own testing . managing director and ceo steven chaur said the company 's microbiological and viral testing does not confirm any systemic failure of its quality assurance programs .
the ' #kyliejennerchallenge ' is sweeping social media , encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses . countless teens , both boys and girls , have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on twitter and instagram . surprisingly , given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat , it appears the results are far from desirable .
islamic state group claims credit on saturday a bombing near the us consulate in the city that led to the killing and wounding of many of them . but the us state department said the bombing in ainkawa , near kurdish regional capital arbil , did not kill or wound any consular employees .
harvard-educated doctor mehmet oz , 54 , is the vice chairman and professor of surgery at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons . the doctors sent the letter to lee goldman , the dean 's faculties of health sciences and medicine . dr henry miller of california 's stanford university led the effort and he was the first person to sign the letter .
riley filmer , 14 , turned up for classes wearing new shoes on the first day of term at mcclelland college , in melbourne 's south-east . she has not been allowed back into the classroom since the incident , which her mother claims has disadvantaged and excluded her daughter . the secondary school 's policy outlined in the 2015 personal learning journal states that girls are to wear ` black leather lace-up school shoes -lrb- not fashion heels -rrb- '
the product , phynova joint and muscle relief , contains sigesbeckia , a herb traditionally used to treat aches and pains caused by arthritis . professor george lewith does n't use the product himself , but says that before having hip replacements for arthritis he used another herb 's claw .
two-thirds of new uk fathers are now over 30 , and the researchers say older would-be fathers should be better informed about the risks of conditions that can occur in their offspring . whereas the menopause marks the end of reproduction , men are able to produce sperm throughout their lives . however , the quality declines and this could have implications for the next generation .
police are investigating the theft of about $ 70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern minnesota . the canister was worth about $ 500 , and the vials of semen were worth from $ 300 to $ 1,500 apiece . the man said the only time he and his hired hand were away from the farm was on easter sunday .
moya gerber was travelling in her vehicle through the kruger national park , south africa , when she spotted a male and female lion trying to bring down a cape buffalo . moya 's sister rone odendaal , 24 , who is a teacher at laerskool lothair , began taking pictures of the struggle . while the beast managed to escape being eaten by the lions , it did receive a nasty knock to the head after running into the side of their van .
mark gentle , from farmington , maine , found his son carter sobbing because he thought that the scar from his fifth open-heart surgery was ` ugly ' . the father-of-three hoped to boost carter 's confidence by posting the picture , which has received nearly 1.5 million likes since it was posted last week .
joseph koetters , a former english teacher at marlborough school in los angeles , is being sued by an unnamed 30-year-old former student . the lawsuit alleges that when koetans was in his early-to-mid 30s he took part in a yearlong sexual relationship with a 16-year old student . in the lawsuit , unnamed teachers and school officials are held responsible for not ending the relationship , according to the lawsuit .
edward snowden has revealed he did not read all the top-secret intelligence documents he leaked from gchq and the us national security agency . the 31-year-old stunned the world in june 2013 -- less than a month after the murder of lee rigby by islamic extremists .
sam smith filmed the terrifying moment a gigantic tornado swept past a hapless motorist in illinois . the driver , sam smith , feels trapped because he ca n't make out which direction it 's moving in so does n't know how to escape . as the tornado sweeps past mr smith says that the truck felt like it was going to lift off the ground .
tesco 's old gulfstream 550 , worth around # 30 million , was capable of flying 14 executives at a time . with a top speed of 580mph , it was the height of luxury , kitted out with dvd players , widescreen tvs and a bar . it even had cabins allowing executives to sleep in full-sized beds on longer journeys to america and asia .
sam holtz , a 12-year-old sixth grader from lake zurich , illinois , beat out 11.5 million entries to win the annual espn tournament challenge on monday . for that prize , valued at $ 30,000 , sam would have to legally be an adult as contest rules state individuals must be at least 18-years-old to qualify . ' i feel pretty cool right now for winning it because it 's a really hard thing to do , '
mark carney was wearing a nathan speed 4 fuel belt , which also features a zip pocket perfect for storing high-carb energy gel packs . the belt is available for $ 64.95 -lrb- # 35 -rrb- at kintec , a canadian sports retailer based in vancouver .
the datai hotel in malaysia has all the colour and wonder of the emerald city . it is doon who has taught me to stride like a warrior into the freezing channel . langkawi is an archipelago of 104 islands in the andaman sea . in 2007 it was given world geopark status by unesco .
ayyan ali , 21 , has been in jail since march 14 when she caught with over $ 500,000 in her carry-on bag in islamabad airport . she was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $ 10,000 cash limit out of the country on march 14 .
denise van outen is the latest big name to sign for eastenders . the former chicago star has admitted that she 's turned down the offer twice before . this week saw some big-name announcements in the land of soap . denise will soon be seen charging through albert square .
gps are the gateway to nhs care -- nine out of 10 times , the first contact a patient has with the health system is through their gp . yet access to gps has become a major policy and political issue . crisis in a&e has led some people to blame a lack of available gp appointments for people heading to emergency departments instead .
victim gaston pinsard , 96 , was sentenced to 18 months behind bars . he claimed he was himself abused at a notorious jersey children 's home . the 96-year-old first targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old . judge branded the historic case ` distressing ' and ` unpleasant ' .
michael slager , 33 , is being kept in isolation and can not walk down a hall in charleston county jail without the entire cell block being cleared first . his wife jamie , who is eight-and-a-half months pregnant , and his mother karen sharpe were allowed to speak to him . on friday , slager was charged with murder after opening fire on 50-year-old scott last weekend .
mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son , shawn , with autism . the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington . the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers within the company .
christopher annan , 24 , and tyrone wright , 20 , took part in a gun attack on tottenham turks gang member inan eren . the attack was led by hitman jamie marsh-smith , 23 , a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname ` freddy ' after the nightmare on elm street killer . marsh-dir was locked up for at least 38 years in july last year for the attack on mr eren , the murder of
yulia simonova , 52 , wanted to hire a hitman to torture and murder 15-year-old damian vanya in exchange for 100,000 rubles -lrb- # 1,400 -rrb- . but police set up a sting operation , sending one of their undercover officers to pose as a hiter during a meeting . the teacher said she wanted the boy to slowly bleed to death before she ` finished ' him .
mark lippert , 42 , was assaulted by knife-wielding nationalist kim ki-jong . the envoy required 80 stitches to the wound on his face and two-and-a-half hours of surgery . he has posted photos on facebook of him using the device in south korea .
scientists at the shadow robot company spent almost 18 years developing the hands . the hands move a little slowly , hovering strangely above the work surface whenever they are not busy . they imitate human movements closely enough that they can do things such as wipe a spoon on the edge of a pan to prevent drips .
princess eugenie , 25 , was seen texting on her mobile as she navigated the concrete jungle on thursday . the british royal , who is currently working in new york , showcased her hipster style for the second day in a row wearing a black bowler hat .
boris johnson warned against allowing nicola sturgeon 's snp to dominate uk . he likened it to ` asking a fox to look after the henhouse or a temperance campaigner to run a brewery ' . snp leader vowed to use a surge in support for her party to dictate the direction of the uk government .
two children were playing in and around a parked minivan saturday evening at the arcadia palms on east sahara avenue . two of the children managed to escape unharmed and quickly requested help . the other two children became trapped and were found dead inside after the fire was put out . no criminal charges are expected because of the age of the child who started the fire .
lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the randolph hotel . eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel , which featured in tv 's inspector morse . the extent of the damage to the grade ii listed victorian building remains unclear .
sisonke msimang , 41 , moved to australia with her husband and children in the last few months . as a journalist and an activist , she has spent years writing about and commenting on human rights , race relations and government accountability in south africa . she said she 's been faced with the realisation , that much like her native africa : ` the deepest and most abiding forms of racism ' .
clinton 's now-famous scooby doo van made an appearance in council bluffs , iowa on thursday for a closed-door meeting with state democratic party officials . footage broadcast by ketv-7 in the nearby city of omaha , nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle . secret service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of
northern ireland 's tourism board is hitting back at actor kit harington . the 28-year-old londoner joked to host seth myers that belfast is ` wonderful for two or three days ' . tourism bosses have leveraged the show 's popularity to draw visitors .
laura scurr , 15 , from whitley bay , was left on a heart machine after she collapsed through starvation . she became so obsessed with having the perfect figure she would hide food down the side of her bed , lying to her mother about eating and sometimes surviving on just a piece of fruit a day . but her dramatic weight loss led to horrific consequences when she suddenly collapsed at her family home and was rushed to intensive care .
hollywood producer and studio executive harvey weinstein will not face criminal charges despite the groping allegations . ambra battilana , 22 , told police weinstein groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his tribeca film center office in manhattan on march 27 . weinstein , who is originally from queens , founded miramax with his brother bob in 1979 and is worth an estimated $ 200million .
sevdet besim , 18 , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' at the melbourne magistrates court on saturday . the family of one suspect said they were last year told to stop their son communicating with the extremist recruiter who groomed melbourne terrorist numan haider . besim lived in hallam and cruse was from eumemmerring , while safi and azami hailed from narre warren .
the 20lb lamb is twice the weight of all his brothers and sisters born before him , all weighing the average weight of 8-10lbs . jean morris from the farm said the farm hopes to keep ben as a breeding ram in the hope he will pass his amazing features to his future flock .
russia yesterday lifted a ban on supplying iran with an air defence missile system . the move is likely to anger both the u.s. and israel at a time of heightened tensions between the world powers and following a landmark deal on nuclear weapons . moscow blocked deliveries of the surface to air missiles to iran in 2010 .
nathan dailo uploaded a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his son seth to drift off in just 42 seconds . the clip sees the father gliding a piece of white tissue paper over his son 's face repeatedly until he nods off . little seth seems anything other than sleepy as he fidgets and whines in his cot .
scientists from the uk and portugal submitted the evidence for resurrecting brontosaurus in a study almost 300 pages long published in the open access journal peerj . the long-necked dinosaur was one of the largest animals to ever walk the earth with its legacy captivating children 's imaginations the world over . but despite the ` thunder lizard ' being deep rooted in popular culture , experts have believed the creature was originally misnamed .
three party leaders superimposed over christopher steed and stephen webb . mr miliband was accompanied in one photo by caption ` debate me like one of your french girls ' - a reference to when rose asks jack in the 1997 film titanic to ` fight me , b **** ' .
olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations . it is one of the first of a new class of drugs called parp inhibitors . it can extend the length of time that a prostate cancer patient lives with the disease without it getting worse , according to new clinical trials . up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours .
malcolm brabant spent two years in and out of mental institutions after a yellow fever vaccine . he was warned the possible side-effects could be dizzy spells and a headache . yet within 24 hours of having the jab , malcolm had been reduced to a sweating , shivering wreck , gripped by a fever so strong it took two weeks and a spell in hospital .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , was convicted last week of planting two homemade bombs at the crowded finish line of the world . the same jury that convicted tsarnaev will hear testimony on . whether he should be sentenced to death or life in prison for . his crimes , starting next tuesday , the day after the 2015 marathon takes place .
jordan speith is in prime position to win the masters at augusta . the 21-year-old is playing alongside british contender justin rose . spieth is the man to beat for the top prize of $ 1.8 million at the event . click here for all the latest boxing news .
snp leader nicola sturgeon refused to rule out demanding a re-run within five years . opponents claim she had ` broken a promise the size of ben nevis ' . but she has left open the possibility that the promise of another vote could be included in a future snp manifesto .
bbc bosses fear they could be losing younger viewers who are used to watching video online rather than through their tvs . but the revelation could spark controversy over the future of the licence fee . online services such as netflix and amazon have increasingly been producing their own programmes in a bid to take on major broadcasters .
the queen , 88 , was spotted trotting through windsor great park . joined by a groom on another of her fell pony , carltonlima emma . the queen is said to have replied : ' i never have and you do n't have to have your hair done like i do ' .
clinton claimed on wednesday that all of her grandparents ` came over ' from other countries , but in fact only one was born outside the us . she made the statment to underscore her support for changing the status of milions of illegal immigrants . ` we are turning down people who really want to work , ' she said .
edward snowden is being ` exploited ' under a deal he made with the russians to guarantee him asylum , a leading spy analyst has claimed . mr snowden , 31 , revealed himself in june 2013 as the civilian cia worker who stole a vast tranche of classified documents . he fled to hong kong and then russia where he was given asylum .
hodor , a character in game of thrones , earned his name because he says only the word ` hodor ' over and over again . but those who read the song of ice and fire book series by george r martin may know something that the tv fans do n't : his name is walder .
jeremy clarkson was guest of honour at a charity auction in the cotswolds . hundreds of fans paid # 15 a ticket to watch the former top gear presenter oversee the auction . he also joked about ` trawling the job centre ' for a hosting job when he spotted an opening for the charity auction .
hbo 's hit series , game of thrones , is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series , and that means the stunning settings where it was filmed are bracing for another influx of tourists . most of the upcoming series shot in southern spain , which stands in for the world of dorne on the imaginary continent of westeros .
pierre fulton was in the passenger seat when officer michael slager pulled them over for a broken tail light . when scott fled , fulton and another officer stood by the mercedes watching in shock as slager chased him into a park and shot him dead . now , slager faces murder charges and national scrutiny .
ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on itv 's this morning to discuss how she developed tourette 's syndrome . the pair hit the headlines earlier this year after being labelled the perfect match because whenever she becomes rowdy , he simply switches off his hearing aid . co-presenter amanda holden quickly chipped in kindly , saying : ` it 's a good one to have ' .
kylie jenner has been one of the biggest tween stars - with a ticket to every a-list event in town . as she teeters on the brink of adulthood , the reality star appears poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family .
the archive of 52 celluloid negatives show the great british adventurer and his men heading off in the snow-covered wilderness during the ill-fated terra nova expedition of 1912 . some of the pictures show the herd of ponies the team used to haul the equipment-laden sledges on the 800 mile trek that would end with the deaths of scott and the polar party of edward wilson .
boy from memphis , tennessee , poses with guns , cash , and bags of what looks like marijuana . in many pictures he is smoking suspicious substances , with captions such as ` high life ' backlash . dailymail.com will not identify the boy , who appears to be barely teenage .
students at wellington college , in berkshire , spent the last year studying a different classic book for their imminent as-level exam . mistake came to light when mock papers arrived and no exam questions related to the taught text . now pupils will have to cram their studying into just a few weeks .
the caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles -lrb- 72km -rrb- south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky . photographer denis budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment . he also decided to add his own take - by lighting flares and breathing fire to turn the normally blue hues into dark reds .
bezos , who is worth $ 34.7 billion , blended in with tourists at the campo de ' fiori on tuesday as he enjoyed a spring break with family . the internet mogul was accompanied by family members and a discreet security guard as he took in the bustling market at the heart of the eternal city .
raymond lee fryberg jr. was arraigned in seattle on thursday . his son jaylen fryberg killed four classmates at marysville pilchuck high school then himself . fryberg had been the subject of a permanent domestic violence protection order that prohibited him from ever having firearms .
jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election . west mercia police said it was investigating reports of a breach of the representation of the people act 1983 . the probe follows would-be ukip mp kim rose being grilled by police for giving out sausage rolls at a party event earlier this year .
baltimore police officials , meanwhile , released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old . but the developments were cold comfort to hundreds of residents who took to the streets of west baltimore to protest the police force in gray 's name . gray died sunday after he ` had a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van ' .
the bespoke tour operators natural world safaris is offering the rare trip which gives guests a unique opportunity to view the big cat . the trip lasts seven days in total with guests spending time in the wild environs inhabited by the last remaining siberian tigers . the facilities are described as ` basic ' and guests are provided with a translator throughout the stay .
asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , their daughter zoha , seven , and their three sons essa , four , zakariva , two , and yahya , one , were caught on camera on a cross-channel ferry . they left their home in slough , berkshire , without mentioning any holiday or travel plans to family members , which is out of character . mr malik told his family he wanted to ` go and
hillary clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the white house : the nation 's largest lesbian political action committee . lesbians4hillary , co-chaired by pioneering tennis great billie jean king , said : ` hillary clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion ' .
the south african was spotted taking in a baseball game in new york on monday along with jerry seinfeld , larry david and broadway star matthew broadrick . the quartet were all present at citi field in queens to watch the game between the mets and the philadelphia phillies .
sean heslop , 47 , was questioned on suspicion of abusing his position of trust . but a family member claimed he was ` the happiest he 's ever been ' . the former pupil became pregnant at the end of last year after leaving school . he has been suspended from his job as executive principal of two schools .
cheryl heineman , 45 , was arrested wednesday at central avenue elementary school in kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics . the woman 's suspected accomplice and lover , 20-year-old jack lindsey , is facing the same charges . the arrests came at the conclusion of a six-week investigation that was launched in early march after an informant tipped off police that he has been known to deal drugs .
lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the southwest airlines flight from chicago to manchester , new hampshire on thursday . he told abc7 : ` imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees , and then waking up and going owww ' . the woman , dubbed ` psycho pen lady ' by another fellow passenger , was removed from the flight following the air rage incident .
the cyg-11 seaplane is believed to be a joint project between russia and china to build new types of super-efficient seaplane . the vehicles takes advantage of an aerodynamic phenomenon known as the wing-in-ground effect - where lift is increased and drag decreased when an aircraft 's wings are close to the ground . engineers behind the cny 5 billion project say the aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles -lrb- 100 km -rrb- on 28 litres of
the 68-year-old revealed that he has lost his natural flair for political campaigning , adding that becoming a grandparent to his daughter chelsea 's six-month-old daughter charlotte has tamed the angry side of his personality . the clintons had long spoken of their desire to have a grandchild .
california billionaire founder elon musk tweeted : ` ascent successful . dragon enroute to space station . rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival . spacex said it will post a video in the next few days , but images tweeted by musk reveal that the booster landed successfully .
josh hutcherson , 22 , stunned film fans when he stepped out at a première in spain this week bearing a striking resemblance to james alexandrou , 30 , an actor best known for his role as martin fowler in eastenders . prince harry 's ex-girfriend , 29-year-old chelsy davy , looks similar to eastenders ' shona mcgarty , 23 .
i am jazz is a book about a child ` with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender . some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans .
five chinese activists were arrested the weekend before international women 's day , as they were preparing to hand out leaflets about sexual harassment on public transport . the five women - li tingtingting , 25 , wang man , 32 , zheng churan , 30 , and wu rongrong , 30 - have been linked to several stunts over the last few years . they now face being jailed for up to five years if they are charged with ` picking quarrels and provoking trouble '
scientists at the university of maryland said the impact of theia with earth was so violent , the resulting debris cloud mixed thoroughly before settling down and forming the moon . this is known as the giant impact hypothesis . the two theories appear in the journal nature across three studies - two in favour of the ` similar to earth ' theory , and the other favouring the ` shower of debris ' model .
chancellor appeared to leave the door open when asked if he would be ` depriving more families ' of the payments which are worth more than # 1,000 per year . more than a million households lost out when the coalition announced that families with one parent earning # 50,000 would pay tax on child benefit .
jacno jeans , popular at nineties raves , are threatening to make a comeback . the bucket hat is characterised by its wide , downwards sloping brim and limp structure . originally a staple of fishermen and farmers , it soon enough found its way into popular culture and temporarily dominated the music scene .
at least six men were arrested in california and minnesota by the fbi on sunday after a joint terrorism task force investigation into youths traveling to join isis . the arrests were made in minneapolis and san diego but there is no threat to public safety . spokesman ben petok did not give details about the charges and said more information would be released on monday .
corporation of sir john chilcot 's inquiry had already been pushed back . bereaved parents said they were disgusted that their suffering was being dragged out to give leading figures in the inquiry . they added they were now expecting a whitewash when the report is finally published . sources close to the investigation have now told bbc 's newsnight that ` nobody thinks it will come out this year ' .
lizzie cochran , a student at columbia university , has launched a kickstarter campaign to fund her upcoming fashion line epidemia designs . she came up with after spending days staring at cells through microscopes in her biology classes , and then spotting an article on epidemics that displayed images of deadly diseases from recent history . lizzie , who will be returning to her native texas for medical school in the fall at university of texas san antonio , was soon mocking up
the former bab al-aziziya palace boasted a zoo , fairground and pool . during his rule , libyans would be nervous just walking anywhere near the fortress-like seat of the gaddafi regime . all that remains of the palace are a few ruined buildings , the green flooring of gaddafi 's home and a dug-up network of underground tunnels .
james coney had written an editorial opinion piece for the washington post claiming poland shares responsibility for the holocaust with germany . us ambassador stephen mull met with the polish deputy foreign affairs minister and apologised for the comments . he said he now had ' a lot of work ' to do to rectify the situation .
the six , whom authorities described as friends who met secretly to plan their travels , are accused of conspiracy to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . the complaint says the men planned to reach syria by flying to nearby countries from minneapolis , san diego or new york city . the five other men have been accused of being ` intent ' on joining isis .
dashcam footage has emerged of cars enveloped by a raging wildfire on a road in eastern siberia . at the start visibility for the driver of the car with the dashcam is zero , then intense blue flames emerge through the blanket of smoke and ash . the clip ends with visibility back down to almost nothing .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , managed to hitch a ride from a woman to florida after his motorbike broke down , police said . the woman did n't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $ 500 , the report by volusia county beach safety officers said . among his self-administered tattoos are the word ` brotherhood ' on his neck and the number ' 88 on his left cheek which is linked to neo-nazis .
the threat against flight 826 from cologne bonn to milan 's malpensa airport was received on sunday evening . the tower in cologne immediately alerted the pilot of the airbus a320 . the threat was emailed to the airport 15 minutes before the plane 's scheduled departure , prompting police to set the necessary measures in motion .
chloe ballouqui , 12 , fabian bates , nine , and chloe balloqui , three , are patients . they are the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment . immunotherapy involves powerful drugs being given to kill off all a patient 's cancer cells and destroy their bone marrow .
lorna mccarthy feared for her life in the hours leading up to her death . the 50-year-old sent a series of messages to friends and family on september 27 , including one to her daughter saying she did n't know ` what he is capable of these days ' . she urged her daughter to call the police if she did not hear from her the next day - but it was never received .
douglas mark hughes , 61 , created a security scare when he violated national airspace and has prompted a full-scale security review in washington . he steered his one-person gyrocopter onto the west lawn of the us capitol on wednesday , april 15 , 2015 . hughes hoped to raise awareness about the influence of big money in politics by deliberately breaking the law to deliver 535 letters .
lix bussey , 23 , was hit by a car as the pair made their way back to their hotel . she was just coming to the end of her holiday with boyfriend jonathan boyle , also 23 , in the resort of riviera maya . it their first trip abroad together and she was devoted to the children she taught and that they have been left devastated by her death .
warning : graphic content . andreas rasmussen , christian boyum johansen and johan berg are filmed by emil fogh , standing just centimetres away from the shark they 've captured in an activity that is terrifying but completely legal in new zealand . the three men in the video cheer excitedly without a hint of apprehension .
u.s. rep. alan grayson and his wife lolita agreed to annul their 24-year marriage in florida on tuesday . the agreement was announced by a judge in an orlando courtroom at the start of a hearing that had been scheduled to determine whether their marriage should be voided because lolita grayson was married to another man . the democrat and highly successful trial lawyer said his wife 's marriage to robert carson was not dissolved until 1994 in broward
nadine coyle and coleen rooney have joined forces with cancer research . the ladies ditch their usual sharply-dressed style for a game of thrones-style makeover - complete with flowing tresses and defiant stares . the race raises money that goes towards research into over 200 types of cancer affecting both men and women .
more than 25million live in constituencies where the result can already be predicted . there are 650 seats up for grabs on may 7 , with labour and the tories needing more than half to secure a majority . electoral reform society claims the result in 364 seats can be called now , based on current polls and how ` safe ' they were in 2010 .
malaysian police said in january they had arrested 120 people with suspected links or sympathies to the islamic state terror group . the bill effectively reintroduces the controversial prospect of indefinite detention without trial in malaysia - something prime minister najib razak originally repealed in 2012 .
more than 31 million people were in work after an increase of more than half a million in the past year . david cameron warned the recovery would be ` put at risk ' by a ` stitch-up ' between labour and the snp after ed miliband and nicola sturgeon clashed .
the 28-year-old fighter from sydney showed off his new furry investment . the extravagant purchase will remain with its mother until it is old enough to become shaheed 's pet . the fighter did confirm that he had bought the tiger cub from a small village near the syrian city of aleppo .
three 's feel at home covers 18 destinations in europe , australia , the united states , hong kong , macau , indonesia , sri lanka and israel . the deal also covers france , italy , austria , switzerland , ireland , denmark , norway , sweden and finland .
royal mint announced it will mark the birth of the duke and duchess of cambridge 's second child in the same way it commemorated the arrival of prince george in 2013 . the silver coin will be minted with the one penny 's royal shield design and the new effigy of the queen .
lord janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges . abuse campaigners angrily questioned why the suspected paedophile was able to remain in the house of lords if he was too frail to be brought before court . the crown prosecution service has faced widespread criticism since announcing last week that janner would escape prosecution over child sex allegations .
sam pearce , 24 , of milton , massachusetts , initially came to new york city to peruse a career in education , and soon after arriving in the big apple he landed a job teaching english to eighth graders in brooklyn . but a few months after landing the job , the six-foot , green-eyed brown university graduate was ` discovered ' on the subway by another model , who promptly asked whether he could send mr. pearce 's picture to his own
a 22-year-old marrickville man was arrested in possession of 441 mdma tablets at ` midnight mafia ' -lrb- stock pic -rrb- . around 6000 people attended the all-night rave which ran from 10pm saturday until 6am sunday . police were targeting the use and supply of prohibited drugs .
california search giant claims the latest update to its android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts . it even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send . google says its handwriting recognition works by ` building on large-scale language modeling , robust multi-language ocr ' .
experts believe the molalla log house was constructed as early as 1795 - a decade before lewis and clark reached the pacific ocean . historic building repairer gregg olson and architectural historian pam hayden have been analyzing the log cabin for seven years . they say it is unlike anything else found in oregon .
birberries have been used for years as an aid against urinary tract infections . they have been shown to lower bad cholesterol and reduce a person 's risk of heart attack or stroke . cranberries are a great source of healthy , mono-saturated fats , which have been known to help lower cholesterol .
arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot called the germfalcon . it uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin . seats , tray tables and blankets on an aeroplane are breeding ground . but the family team has developed the unusual new robot as a way to counter issues with cleaning the interior of a plane .
jennifer pagonis , 29 , from chicago has androgen insensitivity syndrome -lrb- ais -rrb- . it prevents a womb from growing and causes testes to grow in the abdomen . she was born with an enlarged clitoris , no uterus and a partial vagina . surgeons later extended so that as an adult she might have normal sexual intercourse .
the secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of enola gay bomber . he wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts : ` my god , what have we done ? how many did we kill ? ' . the incredible lot is being put to auction by the son of captain robert lewis .
passengers have burning questions every time they step foot on a plane . mailonline travel spoke to a number of experts to debunk some of the myths that exist and answer some of travellers ' frequently asked questions about planes . the retired training captain said an air start motor rotates the jet engines before adding fuel and starting the ignition .
aaron hernandez is being held separately from other prisoners and is on suicide watch . he is now equipped with green prison scrubs and his tattoos are being examined for gang affiliations . it can also be disclosed that he was hooked on ` angel dust ' , a drug known to cause users to experience violent outbursts and paranoia .
former marine jesse kidder was in a patrol car chasing michael wilcox , who allegedly gunned down is fiance and best friend . the 27-year-old accused killer then started sprinting towards kidder , asking him to shoot . the officer had been warned by dispatchers before he arrived at the scene that the suspect might try ` suicide by cop ' .
sharon winters was searching for her soulmate online when she met kevin hawke on an online dating site . but less than two weeks later she was dead after he stabbed her in the liver , spleen , lungs and heart with a four-and-a-half inch knife . hawke was jailed for 17 and a half years after he admitted the murder in july last year .
sophia adams , 21 , has beaten 1,000 other hopefuls to land modelling contract . the trainee police officer will be joining the brand 's curvy line-up and starring in their spring/summer 2016 catalogue shot in the mediterranean . she said : ' i was in total disbelief when i first found out i 'd won ' .
nearly all family doctors polled in a new survey said they do not think their own practice should open on weekends . nearly two-thirds are not even willing to consider forming groups with other surgeries to ensure that at least one stays open in the evenings and at weekends . among 34 practices taking part in the scheme in central london .
samsung is counting on its new flagship galaxy s6 and s6 edge phones . it also comes with samsung 's shannon modem chip , u.s. phone carrierat & t said on its website . samsung is not only using its own exynos mobile processor , as had been widely reported .
the two-storey brick hospital outpatient building in china is being rolled every day on giant metal ` wheels ' . the large brick building is 1,700 square metres in size and needs more than 1,000 wheels to make the daily ` walk ' possible . engineers aim to ` push ' the entire structure south by 17.5 metres to its new , designated spot , away from the demolition zone .
nicholas dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage while at restaurant bocca east during brunch on saturday afternoon . demanded a free meal around 4pm after waiting more than an hour and a half for his omelette , according to witnesses . the 34-year-old manager allegedly grabbed the manager 's neck and slammed him against the bar .
the fast car sequel 's domestic total to a staggering $ 294 million , well above the $ 202.8 million that fast & furious 6 had earned at the same point in 2013 . on friday , furious 7 joined the $ 1 billion club at the worldwide box office , leaping into the top twenty grossing films of all time worldwide .
ukip leader said it was a ` reasonable proposition ' to charge people who end up in hospital more than once after drinking . he also revealed he is finding the election campaign ` knackering ' . comes as polls suggest support for ukip is on the slide . david cameron has urged supporters to ` come home ' to the tories .
researchers from the university of maryland found that flour made from peanut kernel significantly stimulated the growth of lactobacillus rhamnosus . eating peanut kernels without their skins can improve gut health and the ability to ward off bugs like e.coli , according to the research .
zhu diandian has raised her beloved five flowers since it was a piglet . the porker has now grown to a whopping 187lbs -lrb- 13st -rrb- . but that has nothing to weaken the bond between the two . her husband is understood to be ` tolerant ' of the relationship .
gwyneth paltrow is selling a sun proof t-shirt in her goop shop . the # 27.49 -lrb- $ 45 -rrb- swim tee by land 's end provides upf 50 sun protection . the top is made from 91 per cent nylon and 9 per cent lycra spandex .
the story of katherine of alexandria has been dubbed one of the biggest independent films for decades . in the pictures o'toole , the star of 1962 classic film lawrence of arabia , can be seen laughing and joking with fellow cast members despite suffering from a long-term illness .
the worst weather in five years continues to whip nsw , some savvy social media users have taken to snapchat to share their rainy day adventures . from a boat parked between two cars by someone who ` knew what was coming ' to a man making the most of the wind . the cronulla sharks and south sydney rabbitohs were closed on monday night .
disavia france is selling cheap flights with packets of crisps , bags of gummy bears and cereal bars at participating shops . each package contains a voucher that can be redeemed for a discounted flight to one of three destinations within europe . customers who purchase the products will find vouchers for cheap flights to barcelona , lisbon or dublin .
research suggests certain types of music can bring out specific flavours - including sweet , salty and bitter - in a range of foods . nessun dorma , performed by luciano pavarotti , is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee . meanwhile , the high-pitched piano in billie holiday 's autumn in new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding .
the 1904 victorian build in bay area will be sold at a live auction by tim hawko of zephyr real estate . just a week after removing the rodents , trash , and corpse , realtors have priced the property at a cool $ 2.5 million . with seven bedrooms and two bathrooms , the single-story property has the structure of a valuable home .
midsomer murders is to have its first regular asian character in its 18th series . manjinder virk will play pathologist dr kam karimore in the itv police drama . in 2011 , executive producer brian true-may described the show as the ` last bastion of englishness ' because it had no black or asian characters .
joseph o'riordan was sitting on polegate town council in east sussex . he grew suspicious his wife , amanda , was having an alleged affair . he later attacked her - stabbing her in the chest , torso , arms and back . mr gunn had been the postman in the couple 's neighbourhood before moving away .
sabrina rubin erdely has been silent since december , when the magazine was forced to issue an apology in the wake of several factual errors highlighted in the piece about a university of virginia student named jackie . in the story , titled ' a rape on campus ' , jackie claims to have been gang raped by seven men at campus fraternity phi kappa psi two years ago . but a recent investigation by the charlottesville police found no evidence to support her story - including
colby ramos-francis was born with a small , heart-shaped growth over his eyelid . but it quickly developed into a large benign tumour that continued to expand . his parents claim nhs doctors were unable to treat the growth or offer surgery , leaving them no option but to beg for help abroad .
robert kelvin ellis was found dead in a rice paddock with his throat cut in october 2014 . his body , with wrists and feet bound , was found wrapped in plastic . mrs ellis faced court on wednesday charged with the premeditated killing of her husband of 20 years , and explained that he was now ` in heaven ' .
jenny-lee , 28 , was diagnosed with leukaemia seven months into her pregnancy . doctors at sydney 's prince of wales hospital told her she could give birth via a caesarean section and undergo chemotherapy . however her mother heather has told the daily telegraph that her daughter believed the cancer treatment would harm her unborn child , named aroura . instead she blamed local doctors for her daughter 's unnecessary death , claiming they should have tested her for the cancer sooner
luke munro , 19 , and dylon thompson , 21 , burst into the londis shop in cleveleys near blackpool in october last year while the owner , his wife , and their toddler were behind the counter . the pair pulled out a ` realistic looking ' handgun and began waving it in the family 's faces , demanding cash from the till . when the mother and father refused to hand over cash , munro threw sweets at them before storming out empty handed
world cocoa foundation puts annual cocoa production worldwide at 3.8 million tons , which is valued at $ 11.8 billion -lrb- # 7.9 billion -rrb- . each cocoa pod has 40 seeds , which are composed of cocoa butter and used in the making of chocolate -- and some drugs . switzerland 's barry callebaut group said soaring demand has helped chocolate prices hit more than double what they were just eight years ago .
david serbeck , 42 , was shot and paralyzed in july 2009 by reginald campos , who suspected serbeck of aggressively following his daughter in an suv . campos ' daughter and the 17-year-old victim were not the same girl . serbeck 's attorney says the jury gave her client a long sentence after being led to believe that serbeck was aggressively stalking her .
kenneth stancil , 20 , is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina . he is accused of shooting dead a man who working in the school 's print shop . according to police , he walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun , and fired one shot , which killed long-time employee ron lane .
the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later . animal officials had high hopes for the bird 's recovery after its capture earlier wednesday because it seemed in otherwise good health and the arrow had missed all its vital organs .
tahlequah police said a package intercepted in tulsa county , oklahoma , contained an easter bunny stuffed with $ 30,000 worth of meth . police were baffled over the decision to use a children 's toy to smuggle the stuff . carolyn ross has now been arrested by police .
andrew anderson , 43 , was accused of forcing social worker julie mcgoldrick to the floor , injuring her wrist , as they battled over the unit . the self-employed gardener ` strategised ' his shopping and grabbed a tv . seconds later she ended up on the floor and in serious pain as tesco workers grabbed mr anderson and pulled him while he was holding the tv .
don mclean 's lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock 'n' roll puzzle . argued over by generations of geeky fans , deciphered and re-deciphered by code-breaking rock nerds and considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century u.s. social history . this week its lyrics , hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don mclean , were sold at auction in new y
34 % of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices , including when they were at school . nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of facebook and instagram . findings would likely be worse in the uk as more british teenagers own smartphones than their us counterparts .
tomas ore admitted one count of fraud at the old bailey as she was about to stand trial . gang attempted to deposit # 1,274,000 into 12 bank accounts over one morning on july 23 , 2013 . another member of staff spotted the suspicious transaction before the full amount could be transferred so the bank 's losses stopped at # 147,678 .
home secretary theresa may said the tory manifesto will spell out plans to negotiate a new deal with europe , including curbing access to benefits . unemployed eu migrants in britain will be banned from receiving state support , and would be deported if they do not get a job within six months of arriving .
joanna biggs offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work in all its variety . the ` making ' chapter gives us a potter , a shoemaker and -lrb- yes -rrb- a robot , which introduces us to its maintenance engineers . biggs divides her workers in interesting categories , yoking disparate occupations in terms of their overall function .
chester , a 6-year-old pit bull mix , was found as a stray at the north fork animal welfare league on long island . the poor pooch had been living in new york state shelters since 2010 and it looked as though things were going to remain that way . a picture that was shared online garnered sympathy from across the country .
thabo sefolosha was wrestled to the ground by six nypd cops . moments later , the video shows his teammate pero antić being led away from the scene in handcuffs . video also shows pero being grabbed around the neck and bundled over by officers . both players have since issued a statement saying they intend to fight charges against them .
the federal aviation administration had earlier given the green light to an amazon prototype drone in march . the company must supply monthly data to the regulators , and conduct flights at 400 feet -lrb- 120 metres -rrb- orbelow and in ` visual meteorological conditions ' . amazon is developing aerial vehicles as part of amazon prime air .
experts fear millions of asian hornets could be heading to britain . they pick off bees as they leave their hive until the colony is so exhausted the hornets can move in and ransack it . the hornet is thought to have travelled to france on some chinese pot plants in 2004 .
an arnhem tv station has lost one of its expensive drones after a chimpanzee managed to knock it out of the sky . following the attack , the drone crashes to the ground - only for the chimp to pounce on it . the incident happened during filming for a reality show set in the zoo .
the ink illustration appears to show the jedi knight yoda on the pages of a religious document . but in fact , the drawing is part of a bizarre representation of the biblical story of samson . the drawing shows a cloaked creature with long , spiky hands and protruding pointy ears - just like the fantasy character .
the massive fire started last wednesday and took more than 24 hours to put out . john o'connor has claimed the major power outage and the proximity of the multi-million burglary was far more than a coincidence . he also said that in his opinion , to succeed with such a complicated and ambitious crime , the gang must have had some inside help .
the clip was filmed on saturday in shortandy village , 40 miles north of the capital astana , and captures the cloud hovering in the sky for 15 minutes before vanishing without trace . many thought the cloud was likely to be a naturally occurring weather event known as a thermal microburst , which is caused by a falling mass of warm air .
more than 20,000 children passed ten or more with either a or an a * grade . but critics say increasing numbers of high-fliers mean not enough . one in 30 pupils who sat the exams ended up with at least ten a grades . this rose to 16,983 in 2010 , 18,468 in 2011 and 18,829 in 2012 .
mike cannon-brookes , 35 , is australia 's equal richest self-made billionaire . he shares the title with his business partner scott farquhar after they established software company atlassian 12 years ago . they are now joint ceos and equal partners to the company , which is worth a reported $ 3.5 billion .
dustin wayne south died wednesday night at the louisville scene , in a field behind lassiter middle school , a normally peaceful neighborhood in the southern part of the city . the shootout occurred after a neighbor saw south walking around the field while waving a gun in the air . two bullets fired by police struck south , but neither was lethal .
fred hatch , 76 , had bought his wife enid 50 yellow roses to celebrate their golden wedding anniversary . the pair married six months after meeting in the royal navy and were together for five decades . but two months after their anniversary , mrs hatch said her life was ` destroyed ' when her husband was killed in the horrific attack .
teenager , named locally as leah price , was airlifted to hospital . it is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs at filey , north yorkshire . a retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside . she said : ' a man , who i think was her dad , was in such a hurry to get to the cliff that he flew passed our van in a great big transit van ' .
madonna pulled the 28-year-old singer back to plant a kiss on his lips . what the mother-of-four did n't see was that when she was finished , the musician looked horrified , even wiping his mouth . sources were quick to tell tmz that drake liked the kiss , but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off .
video shows traffic moving along a busy street in the province of salihorsk , south of the capital of minsk on monday afternoon . as dark clouds move over the city , the entire area is plunged into darkness - forcing motorists to turn on their lights . within a matter of minutes , the storm had blocked out the sun , creating chaos on the city streets .
san francisco is known as america 's most european city , possibly because you 'll need to pack a fleece even in late july . the mist that rolls in off the sea and shrouds the golden gate bridge most days can sometimes linger , but we never stayed still long enough to get cold .
james koryor , 41 , was taken into custody tuesday morning on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse . he took his two sons to get haircuts on monday about 1pm , but instead went to a liquor store , where he bought a bottle of gin . then drove around drinking with the boys in the car , before going home and falling asleep , police say .
sara martin , from lititz , pennsylvania , was diagnosed with aggressive , inoperable brain cancer in 2010 . she had n't spoken for weeks after her health deteriorated rapidly due to terminal brain cancer . she has taken part in charity runs , gone on holidays and made countless invaluable memories with her family .
researchers at jyväskylä university in finland claims to have settled the debate . they say that eye-spots on the wings of butterflies do in fact mimic the eyes of larger and more threatening species . having bright colours and distinguishing features is a common way for insects to scare away predators like birds .
former olympian and reality tv star , 65 , will speak in a ` far-ranging ' interview with diane sawyer later this month . comes amid growing speculation about the father-of-six 's transition to a woman , and follows closely behind his involvement in a deadly car crash in california in february . while the kardashian women are known for enjoying center stage , they will not be stealing bruce 's spotlight because they will be in armenia
claudia martin , 33 , gave birth alone at her sister 's flat in knowle , bristol . she was found sitting in the bath with ' a lot of blood ' and taken to hospital . earlier she had killed the infant by stuffing toilet paper down its throat . she then wrapped the baby girl in towels and a plastic bag and hid the body in a suitcase - where it lay undiscovered for three days .
felix the cat was discovered at jfk airport after being on the loose for more than two weeks . owners jennifer stewart , 31 , and her 34-year-old husband , joseph naaman , were left devastated after their beloved pet disappeared from his damaged crate .
conrad clitheroe , 54 and gary cooper , 45 , were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport . they were taken to a police station and despite being told they would not be detained , were put into prison . attorney nasser hashem said the men would be free to go after the court accepted a defense argument they were pursuing their passion .
the cheltenham office in melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms , table tennis table , aerobics room , gym and a custom staff lunch room . staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the employee of the year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice .
the video was created by agency george patts y&r for the cosmetics company as part of a major rebrand . it is the label 's first major relaunch in more than a decade . the move is said to signal it 's intention to inspire love and connect with people around the world on an emotional level .
michael rogan , 42 , a former marine and devout churchgoer died early on friday after the accident near the town of cleveland , wisconsin . his wife , niki , and their seven children aged between two and fifteen years old , who were also in the car , suffered minor injuries . rogan was rushing his wife to hospital for the birth of the eighth child , with all seven other children in the vehicle , when a deer hit by another car .
the chief political correspondent of slate magazine was announced as the new host of face the nation on sunday . he is expected to make his first appearance this summer , ending schieffer 's 14-year reign as host of the long-running news program . dickerson worked for time magazine for 12 years , four of them as white house correspondent , and has written extensively about the 2008 presidential campaign .
mummified remains of 28-year-old terézia hausmann were found in the 18th century crypt of the dominican church in vác , hungary . they say the strains of tb they found all evolved from a single germ that had began infecting people during the late roman period . historians have long taught that native american populations were almost wiped out by diseases such as tuberculosis .
chris brugger the cost of staying alive is $ 16,000 every three weeks . the father-of-two from griffith says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment for his hodgkin 's disease - brentuximab vedotin - has improved his condition dramatically . his family are hoping that the new treatment will mean there are happier times ahead .
police say an apparent suicide near the buffet at m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada . one adult who heard the gunshot and fell while running away was taken to the hospital with minor injuries . several people who had gone to the buffet for an easter meal posted tweets expressing their shock at the incident .
nicola sturgeon said she would try to ` lock david cameron out of downing street ' . she said the offer stood ` regardless of who is the biggest party ' in commons . comments raise prospect of miliband ending up in number 10 as result of nationalist support despite having fewer seats in house of commons than the tories .
aaron taylor-johnson was just 19 when he met wife sam , then 42 , on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 in which he played the young john lennon and she directed him . the hollywood actor has revealed that he does n't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature - he is so grown up that friends of the couple call him benjamin button . she may have created controversy when she first started dating her 24-year-old now-husband a
beverley davis was supposed to be helping to care for 89-year-old former royal marine ray warren but tricked him into handing over his bank cards . her actions left elderly mr warren so devastated that he lay in bed at night worrying about money and even stopped going out . he died just five months after her crime was discovered and his daughter elaine symonds said davis got what she deserved .
nicola sturgeon said she would work with ed miliband 's left-wing backbenchers . she also pledged to form alliances with minor parties such as the greens and plaid cymru to ensure mr miliband did not impose any more cuts . comments came after a scottish poll delivered another blow to miliband .
abby swinfield , 18 , was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital in the early hours of march 30 . she was taken to good hope hospital in sutton coldfield , west midlands , where she was placed in a coma , but died a week later . her cousin has claimed she did n't take the drug voluntarily , saying her drink was spiked .
new zealand couple justin and jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home . it meets the minimum road requirments and appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck . the couple told website living big in a tiny house that their truck-castle was perfect for their travelling lifestyle .
david starkey says ethnic minority groups and disabled people should not ` assume the status of victim ' . 70-year-old said evidence suggested women tended to be of average intelligence , whereas men were either ` very , very bright or very thick ' . he also hit out at baroness doreen lawrence , the mother of race murder victim stephen .
the seven-car maglev travelled for almost 11 seconds at speeds above 373mph -lrb- 600km/h -rrb- during a test run near mount fuji . it beat the train 's previous 12-year record of 361mph . the train is able to go this fast because it makes use of a charge to lift and move it above a guideway . owner central japan railway plans to have a train in service in 2027 to join tokyo and the central
the sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield . another soldier has received # 411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops . last year , the mod gave a total of # 81.9 million in compensation to members of the armed forces for injury , death and property damage by the mod .
debenhams is one of the most popular dress vendors on the high street . one dress is described as a ` beautiful grecian inspired gown crafted from satin with beautiful chiffon straps and waterfall detail to the centre front and back . the store has added a covetable bridal collection to its repertoire .
the company is in talks with florence and the machine to give apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in june . there will be a $ 9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $ 14.99 , according to sources .
georgina gosden , 25 , allegedly punched a 21-year-old woman at townsville 's mad cow tavern in on december 7 last year . she carried out a similar attack on a woman in the same nightclub last april . police are pursuing the charges against her most recent victim .
brock guzman , 8 , was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 toyota corolla . the boy 's father said he had placed brock in the corolla at around 4:45 a.m. , and started the engine . he then went back into the house to get some belongings and his older son , who attends school 40 miles away in napa .
wendy stokes , 74 , had given up hope of ever seeing toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago . but he has now returned home and after piecing together his escapades over the last year , it 's become apparent he 's had an adventure .
adam leheup , 34 , denied forcing himself on the 25-year-old telling the jury the woman ` freaked out ' when he tried to comfort her about her saggy breasts . the self-confessed first date addict had spent nearly a year on police bail before being charged and appeared emotional .
steve webb is the pensions minister who famously said we should be free to blow our life savings on a lamborghini . but as pensions freedom day finally arrived , the government appealed for caution , perhaps fearing some people will quickly exhaust their funds . he said april 6 was the ` starting gun ' and not a ` deadline ' .
the coterie includes a former flame , an artist , a hospitality manager and the woman at the centre of his bitter divorce . sources close to the restaurateur say he is ` smitten ' with ms lutsyshyna , a 41-year-old ukrainian who used to work at the roux restaurant in westminster .
doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust -lrb- uclh -rrb- are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure . it involves inserting the ebus down the throat , guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube . the method halves the time it takes between a patient 's first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment .
jeremy hunt promised an immediate crackdown if the conservatives are re-elected , the health secretary said last night . he said : ` the mail 's campaign has exposed that off-payroll contracts are clearly being abused at a management level ' . comments led a storm of reaction from all political parties , as well as health experts and medical professionals .
obama 's spokesman said a two-week break in congressional activity has meant ` that we have not been able to have as many face-to-face conversations as we would like ' . the newly returned lawmakers scheduled to tomorrow take the first in a series of votes setting the perimeters for a deal . a senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill authored by senate foreign affairs chairman bob corker .
luca railton , 11 , was born with no shin bone -lrb- tibia -rrb- and no knee in his right leg . the condition affects just one in three million people . but his loved ones refused to accept these grim prospects , which would have left luca severely disabled for life . he underwent a series of operations -- including one to break his leg and start lengthening his femur . now , luca is walking unaided without the stints he formerly needed
amanda lamb stars in the new air wick fragrance campaign . the 42-year-old star lounges among lush blooms in sweeping ball gowns as she poses in lush flower arrangements . amanda says that one of the easiest ways to instantly perk up a room is with a home fragrance .
steven nelms penned a moving essay celebrating his wife and everything she does for their family as a stay-at-home mother . the essay was posted on we are glory , in which he would break-down the monetary value of everything his wife does to care for the family . he writes that his wife , glorianna , stays at home with the couple 's two-year-old son ezra because of high child care costs .
anand iyer quit his job to be a house-husband - and now he could n't be happier . he ` felt terrible ' about not seeing his little girl ava , and struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad . after working at microsoft , he moved over to threadflip to be their chief product officer .
nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past . the 44-year-old looked glamorous on her way to bbc 's andrew marr show . she looked svelte in the # 179 knee-length 1940 's - style ` blitz ' dress .
the great dying , which struck the earth 252 million years ago , wiped out more than 96 % of the world 's creatures . while extreme volcanic eruptions are commonly blamed for triggering the event , research has found the majority of species were ultimately killed when the oceans became more acidic . the study is the first to show that highly acidic oceans were to blame .
patrick bamford scored middlesbrough 's second goal as they beat wolves . aitor karanka said his team had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of a claustrophobic championship . the teessiders remain on course for what would be a deserved return to the top division .
wendell steiner , his wife , and their four children were stopped by police in akron , ohio during their 300-mile journey from nova to pennsylvania . mitt romney came under fire during his 2012 run for the white house after it was revealed he once drove for 12 hours with his irish setter seamus on top of his car . steiner 's mixed-breed puppies were wind-battered and huddled together in the cage when they were rescued
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster 's methodist central hall . he faced claims he blamed all of britain 's problems on migrants . pollster icm was hired by the bbc to select the audience members . mr farage said something had gone ` wrong ' with the process .
hillary clinton 's security detail arrived at a suburban des moines , iowa fruit processing company on tuesday with an added vehicle . both armored vehicles have raised roofs , deep-tinted windows and new york license plates . but while the original van -- the one nicknamed ` scooby ' after the scottoby-doo cartoon show -- sports a mustard-yellow new tag , the second has blue and white plates of a different design .
sir ranulph fiennes has become the oldest briton to complete the marathon des sables in the desert . the 71-year-old , who has previously suffered two heart attacks and underwent a double heart bypass in 2003 , said the event is ` not set for old geriatrics like me ' .
britain 's biggest fashion retailer has an impressive line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price of the big labels . so if you love the mulberry bayswater tote , but wince at the eye-watering price tag , you can pick up a looky-likey from next .
ryan heritage , 18 , posted a cocky message on his local police page . he was arrested in trowbridge , wiltshire , just hours after posting the message . police re-posted his original message and added their own : ` his luck ran out #arrested ' . a local male wanted on suspicion of theft and burglary .
paula dunican spent # 25 on the baby blue coat at her local branch in canterbury , kent . but when the 49-year-old took it home to try on , she noticed a dark stain ` seeping through ' from the its lining . inside , a four inch-long gecko was flattened , its scales imprinted onto the fabric . supermarket has offered her a refund and # 40 voucher .
liz norden 's sons , jp and paul , each lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashing by the tsarnaevs ' primitive explosives . the men , now in their mid-thirties , were received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line .
julie mckenzie was assured by her gp that her nagging back pain was down to a mild curvature of the spine . she 'd gone to see him three months after suddenly developing back problems and had been referred for x-rays . these revealed that her spine was slightly curved , a condition known as scoliosis .
reverend andrew dotchin , 58 , was celebrating the end of lent when he was refused entry at the wine bar in ipswich . he was told there were health and safety concerns , because a glass could fall on his foot . mr dotchin preached in south africa for 16 years .
an 87-year-old woman caused a disturbance on board an air canada flight from germany to toronto that forced a diversion to shannon airport . the pensioner , who was travelling in first class on board the boeing 777-300 jet , was allegedly restrained by cabin crew until the plane was forced into the unplanned landing . the flight crew alerted the pilot , who put a call in to the irish aviation authority 's -lrb- iaa -rr
elizabeth scarborough , 21 , impersonates taylor swift when she 's not attending school in south carolina . the native can also sing , dance , and act just like her lookalike . elizabeth was just a big fan of the star -- until classmates at her all-girls school began telling her she looked like the grammy winner .
crystal clear waters have revealed a number of haunting hulls belonging to ships that succumbed to the perils of lake michigan over the centuries . the soul-stirring images were snapped during a routine helicopter patrol by the u.s. coast guard . the rising sun was owned by a religious group called the house of david when it crashed in october 1917 .
heather mack , 19 , has filed court documents for her client agreeing to turn over funds for the care of four-month-old stella . stella was born in kerobakan prison and has urgent needs , including clothing and baby wipes . mack wept as prosecutors said she should be sentenced to 15 years - but spared her the death penalty .
cctv footage has captured a woman cautiously standing by the concierge desk before she quickly grabs the box of anzac badges and money . the woman , who is donning a black-and-white striped top and a black vest , could be seen wandering her eyes around the room but walks away when a man strolls past with his blazer . the empty room prompted the woman to make her way towards the desk before bringing her vest over the box .
jacob king was snapped staring into the eyes of a bald man with a swastika tattooed behind his ear . the anti-racism protester said he learned islamophobic views from a young age but thankfully managed to ` unlearn ' these views . mr king was raised in melbourne and says he lived in a multicultural part of the victorian capital where he was exposed to racial tensions .
charles barnhoorn , 20 , took hundreds of cans of ` hippy crack ' at weekend-long party . he was found dead in his bedroom at family home in kingsteignton , devon . detective constable sam tressider , of devon and cornwall cid , investigated death . said computer was on and website ` appeared to make reference to ways to commit suicide ' .
clem schultz thought his dog missy suffered the same fate as his partner but after missy was spotted by a coned worker , police called schultz and reported the sighting . missy first disappeared the family created a facebook page called ` the search for missy . ' i want to thank everyone that shared the posts about missy ' .
dozens more company bosses have signed a letter warning against a ` change in course ' . among the new signatories is simon woodroffe , founder of yo ! sushi . others include executives from two ftse-100 firms and 10 from index . announcement will heap pressure on labour , which has struggled to come forward .
john truong agreed to babysit 2-year-old ronnie tran and his mother , vien nguyen , at her home in des moines , washington , on tuesday . chang and the grandmother then took off the toddler , leaving the mother locked in a cupboard . an amber alert was issued for the boy tuesday night , after the mother managed to escape and find help . truong then called police to report that he was harboring an abducted child when he read
the palm squirrel had been taking a nap on a coconut leaf in india . he gave a big yawn and flicked out his tongue after waking up . photographer and student ranajit roy spent five minutes taking pictures of the palm squirrel in his hometown of bengaluru . the 19-year-old said he thought the photographs were ` lucky ' .
domanik green , 14 , allegedly accessed a computer at paul r. smith middle school in holiday , florida , without permission by using an administrator 's password . he was arrested on wednesday and detained at the land o'lakes detention center until he was released into the custody of his mother later the same day .
nicole mcdonough , 32 , was arrested in december on suspicion of having sex with an 18-year-old student while employed as a teacher at mendham high school . a subsequent investigation revealed that the married educator also allegedly engaged in improper ` communication ' and ` fraternization ' with two other students . if she flunks out of the program , her case will be returned to the court docket .
sgt. george hildebidle , who had been on the force since 2003 , barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home following a 911 call at 7am . officials said the officer 's wife made the call , which was listed as a domestic dispute . local police called in the charleston county sheriff 's department , the crisis negotiations team , swat , and bomb squads to assume responsibility of the situation ` because we did not want to have our own folks dealing with this
carwyn scott-howell got lost on the slopes and left the piste before walking through a treacherously steep wooded area . the welsh schoolboy was holidaying in the french resort of flaine with his mother ceri , elder brother gerwyn , 19 , and nine-year-old sister antonia . police are still trying to piece together the tragic sequence of events .
actor , 63 , had been prone to episodes of insomnia and anxiety . spent final 24 hours looking up drugs online , convinced he had another illness . also spent 24 hours frantically looking up drug online . pathologist dr richard shepherd explains how williams ' dementia probably triggered his paranoid tendencies in his final hours .
peter sutcliffe to be moved to cushy priory unit in berkshire woodland . he has spent three decades in broadmoor for savage killings of 13 women . but families of his victims are furious at plans to move him to priory . report is being compiled at prison tribunal which will rule if move goes ahead .
deborah steel , 37 , was last seen alive just after 1am on 28 december 1997 . police believe she was killed and recently reclassified the investigation as a murder inquiry . the search has the full consent of the present landlord who is not connected with the investigation . a 73-year-old man is on bail until 29 april and two others have since had theirs cancelled .
kanye , 37 , penned an essay for paper magazine 's april issue less than a year after his wife kim kardashian posed nude for the magazine . in the essay , he said that if there was an illuminati , ` it would be more like the energy companies ' - not hollywood stars .
myuran sukumaran and andrew chan 's lives were changed forever after being arrested for the bali nine drug smuggling operation . the pair were identified as leaders of the plot to smuggle 8.3 kg of heroin , taped to the bodies of young mules , on april 17 , 2005 , and sentenced to death . since they were refused clemency earlier this year , their lawyers have been desperate to show the courts their rehabilitation over the past decade .
kylie gulliver , a former model and actress , from melbourne had been toiling away at her small leather brand for three years . the 29-year-old 's brand elliott label is suddenly the hit of hollywood , and is adorning the backs of stars including kourtney kardashian , drew barrymore , cameron diaz and pop group grl .
kim roberts admitted stealing antiques and paintings from dowager countess bathurst 's cirencester mansion and her london home . the 58-year-old worked for the countess , 87 , and helped herself to the riches , which included a sketch by picasso and pewter plates . the estate 's collection are portraits by thomas gainsborough , george romney , peter lely , and joshua reynolds .
bobby cole norris was left heartbroken last august when doctors revealed his ` best ' friend kym norris had just one hope for survival . weeks earlier the dental receptionist was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia . bobby tweeted : ` somewhere there is an amazing person that registered with @anthonynolan and was a match for my mum , i will never be able to thank you enough ' .
john allan claimed the tory leader 's decision to promise an in-out referendum before knowing what powers can be clawed back from brussels . he suggested large firms like the supermarket giant could move their head offices from london to other sites in europe ` relatively painlessly ' .
danny alexander and brooke magnanti were snapped at bar one inverness . the two were snapped as part of the nip festival , which celebrates the gins and whiskies of the highlands . david cameron faced a growing revolt over his ` flat-footed ' general election campaign .
josh and vanessa ellis had been married for five years and their baby boy hudson was only eight months old at the time of the crash . a 50-foot-long concrete slab slammed down on top of them , according to police . the barrier weighed ` tons ' according to investigators and the damage to the family 's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies .
man , in his 20s , was struck by a northern line train at stockwell station . the station was shut while medics tended to the passenger who was later taken to hospital . graphic designer lesia biloshytska , who was at the station , told how passengers screamed when the young man was hit .
claudine and claudine lafond have posted pictures from all their athletic adventures on instagram . the pair run a worldwide studio called yogabeyond , do handstands and downward dogs against draw-dropping backgrounds . honza , who is originally from the czech republic , combines life-coaching and fitness training in his unique brand of yoga instruction .
duke of york was visiting akzonobel , a paint firm based in slough . he smiled broadly as he chatted to employees and smiled . the 55-year-old , who was at the factory as part of his work with the outward bound trust , has always denied the claims .
the charity announced on wednesday that it has decided to continue to look abroad for millions of dollars while limiting donor nations to a select group of six . the change in policy comes as former board member hillary clinton undertakes her presidential campaign . concerns that the state department focused on during her stint as secretary of state -- sparked criticism and gave republicans a new offensive against the leading democrat .
rhiannon langley , from melbourne , has 189,000 followers on instagram . the 24-year-old hairdresser has an almost 200,000-strong . she is keeping each of them updated while she undergoes rhinoplasty in thailand . miss langley is currently in a bangkok hotel recovering from surgery .
italian activist alexsandro palombo has asked women to express their thoughts on gender violence by writing them on their underwear . the #briefmessage campaign to fight violence against women is an opportunity for women to share their feelings about machismo and violence in 2015 . palambo says the response has been ` immediate and powerful ' .
the loganair flight from aberdeen to shetland was put off its approach by thunderstorms , snow , hail and 70mph winds on the evening of december 15 . a ball of lightning then appeared outside the cockpit and a lightning bolt struck the saab 2000 plane 's nose , and then travelled the full length of the aircraft before leaving its tail .
lianna barrientos , 39 , married ten men in eleven years , and married six of them in one year alone , it 's been revealed . her first marriage took place in 1999 to mohamed gerbril , then a second 2001 marriage to habibur rahman .
south african police called in to help foreign nationals as violent protests spread to johannesburg . carol lloyd was forced to stop her car as she drove close to jeppestown after she was injured when a rock smashed through her car window . six people have been killed , and dozens of foreign nationals have emptied their shops and fled over fears of attacks .
british backpacker bethany farrell , 23 , died on february 17 while scuba diving in queensland 's whitsundays . two people who were on the boat have taken to tripadvisor to slam wings diving adventures for the way they handled the tragic circumstances . a friend makes the shocking claim that photos of the backpacker shortly before she died were deleted .
evan summerfield had just learned how to giggle and take his dummy out . just hours later he was fighting for his life and was rushed to derriford hospital . despite doctors and nurses battling to save him , evan was diagnosed with meningoccal septicaemia and died soon after .
julia ware , who was 15 at the time of the accident , appeared at wayne county court in honesdale , pennslyvania , on wednesday . the families of shamus digney , cullen keffer and ryan lesher - who were all 15 - watched her admit to five of the 12 counts she was charged with by prosecutors . after the hearing was over , a grieving father branded ware , of pleasantville , new york , a murderer .
bobby moore wed her childhood sweetheart sam myers at chelsea register office . the bride wore a knee-length white dress and carried a bouquet of white roses . her chic dress had white flower detail embroidered on the bodice . among the guests were poppy 's mother sara and her grandmother tina .
the rate of bankruptcy , 15.7 percent - remained the same no matter how long the players were in the league or how well they were paid . former players go broke at about 1.1 percent per year , the same rate as the rest of americans . vince young earned a reported $ 64million in salary and endorsement deals - but was bankrupt before he even finished his nfl career .
the man is believed to have scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars and then climbing the pit wall . the man was later said to have been waving his entry ticket and shouting : ' i want a car . i have got a ticket ' .
scottish national party are the most likely to pack the speedos on holiday . thirty-four per cent of those who vote liberal democrat love cruise holidays . ukip supporters still have a lot of love left for warmer climates . cutting down on emissions and pollution is a mainstay of the green party 's manifesto .
austin bird , one of the men pictured sitting at the table with mrs. clinton . bird told daily mail online that campaign staffer troy price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him tuesday morning at a restaurant in davenport , iowa . price then drove them to the coffee house to meet clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour . the other two were university of iowa college democrats president carter bell and planned parenthood of
esther mcvey has called on ed miliband to condemn the ` scurrilous ' campaign against her after she was branded ` murderer mcvey ' in graffiti . the employment minister also had an election song written about her by rivals claiming she was going to hell . the former gmtv presenter won in 2010 with a majority of just 2,436 .
sunday night 's towie saw dan edgar agree to give his relationship with jessica wright a second chance . the 29-year-old has been selected for not only her stunning figure but her ` fun , fearless attitude and fashion business credentials ' . the campaign sees jess showcase her incredible figure in the resort collection which includes 15 swimwear pieces .
british photographer julian john visits the intricately designed prayer halls as frequently as possible to snap photographs of what he believes to be ` the jewel in the united arab emirates ' crown . the four 350-ft tall minarets , which can be seen across the abu dhabi skyline , are lit up in dramatic style against the cloudy .
adele sarno , 85 , has been living in her two-bedroom apartment for more than 50 years . her landlord is the italian american museum which is dedicated to the legacy of italian-americans . the spat is the latest involving the museum to cause a commotion in little italy .
jesse young wants to use two or three carriers to link bremerton and port orchard across the sinclair inlet . a proposal put forth by young which would use money from the state 's highway budget to fund a feasibility study about the bridge passed in the washington house on thursday . this 2012 shot of the puget sound shipyard shows two potential bridge parts , the uss independence , the kitty hawk and the constellation .
john and carolyn jackson also forced some of the children to drink hot sauce or eat hot pepper flakes . one of their biological children reported the abuse to someone outside the family , assistant u.s. attorney joseph shumofsky said in his opening statement . that child , now in his teens , is expected to provide key testimony for the prosecution .
swedish furniture store ikea has banned shoppers from sleeping in their beds and sofas . the problem has got so bad that nappers had taken over more than half of beds . some even getting under the covers for a snooze . one woman said she did n't think it was a big issue .
the group were identified in a secret police intelligence report from 1964 in a four-page document . the document related to a notorious flat in battersea , south west london which was used by paedophiles . it is not clear whether the band and savile attended the brothel at the same time , but they have all been linked to the property .
sandra garratt , 56 , went through two years of agony following two back operations for a slipped disc and not even morphine could dull the pain . last month doctors told the housewife there was nothing more they could do ease her suffering and this was the ` final straw ' , her husband steve said .
valyrian steel is a form of super strong and light metal forged when the valyrian freehold governed essos and covered more than half the known world . it reigned for 5,000 years before a disaster struck the empire , known as the ` doom of valyria ' . scientist ryan consell has investigated whether it would be possible to make a similar weapon using bona fide chemistry .
joyce tabram , 82 , was admitted to fsh on march 30 with swollen abdomen . she was told to fast for five days while waiting for tests to be performed on her . the west australian health minister said doctors did nothing wrong . ms tabram has called for the hospital to be shut down .
lydia millen and ali gordon met on instagram and live in milton keynes . the pair have now been dating two years and could easily be the uk 's fittest couple . lydia and ali both have large followings on the site with lydia boasting 194,000 followers and ali has 109,000 .
boston university 's goalie allowed providence to tie in the third period and paved the way for the friars to win their first title . matt o'connor 's own-goal turned his team 's 3-2 lead into a 3-3 tie and led to their defeat in boston on saturday . brandon tanev scored with 6:17 remaining to give the puck and it dropped to the ice and rolled between his legs .
la-sonya mitchell-clark of youngstown , ohio , released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 . after receiving her records in the mail , she finally got the answers she 's wanted almost her whole life . she looked up her mother 's name on facebook and found out she worked infocision - the same call-center operation company she works at .
jean sharon abbott , 38 , from plymouth , minnesota , was told she had spastic diplegia , a form of cerebral palsy , when she was just four-years-old . but after three decades of suffering from muscle spasms , she learned that she had dopa-responsive dystonia -lrb- drd -rrb- , a rare , yet treatable , muscle disorder . she has now discovered she was misdiagnosed with spastic dip
tim farron was accused by the dead man 's widow hilary of ` betrayal ' . mr stephenson was vilified over new parking charges in mr farron 's westmorland and lonsdale constituency . he fell from the three-storey property in windermere after being vilified . his widow has angrily accused farron of reneging on a deal to support her late husband over the policy .
a police spokesperson told daily mail australia that each of the 102 offences allegedly committed by the 48-year-old man had all been directed towards the same woman over the last 18 years . officers were first called to a carrington circuit residence in february where they found the woman with a fractured leg and bruising . a total of 102 separate incidents were recorded .
three other guards - paul slough , evan liberty and dustin - were each sentenced to 30 years and one day in prison for charges that included manslaughter , attempted manslaughter and using firearms while committing a felony . u.s. district judge royce lamberth announced the sentences after a day-long hearing at which defense lawyers had argued for leniency . a years-long legal fight over a deadly mass shooting of civilians in an iraq war zone reaches its reckoning point , when four former
joseph o'riordan , 74 , stabbed wife amanda eight times in a jealous rage . she had been having an affair with a postman , brighton crown court heard . he was considering allowing her to have sex with another man a month as long as she stayed with him , his trial heard .
researchers at the natural history museum in london and university college london have found evidence that the human bones found in gough 's cave had been extenisvely shaped to create cups or bowls . they found tooth marks on many of the bones , which were discovered in the cave during excavations between 1880 and 1992 . findings suggest people living in the late ice age indulged in ritual cannibalism , perhaps as a macabre way to revere their dead kin .
theobald mounted his play at drury lane theatre in london on december 13 , 1727 , claiming that it was a re-working of an original by the bard . but a new study of its language to build up a psychological profile of the writer ` strongly identifies ' the legendary playwright as the true author .
the quintessential big apple thoroughfare thronged with color on sunday afternoon . bunny ears , eggs and flowers were among the more conservative adornments festooning the heads of new yorkers as they milled around in a loose gaggle centered on st patrick 's cathedral .
aaronessa keaton of phoenix , arizona was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system when she collided head-on with a car . one of the children later died from their injuries . keaton , who was also on probation for marijuana possession charges at the time , was indicted by a grand jury in february .
prime minister accused the snp and labour of posing a ` clear and present danger ' to britain . he said the two parties were pretending to ` slug it out ' ahead of next month 's poll . mr cameron said ed miliband could now become prime minister with support of snp .
exposure to a wide range of bacteria is necessary to prime the immune system early in life , according to the hygiene hypothesis . the findings bolster the theory that modern obsession with hygiene and cleanliness has driven a boom in allergies and health problems . many scientists believe that modern society , with its mania for sanitation and easy access to antibiotics , makes us hypersensitive to harmless allergens .
an australian government report suggests carbon dioxide produced by burning fossil fuels could be captured and used to produce the fizz in cola . many nations are looking into carbon capture and storage -lrb- ccs -rrb- technologies as a way to cut their greenhouse house emissions . ccs refers to the process of capturing carbon dioxide and storing it in porous rock layers in areas such as depleted oil and gas reservoirs .
josh darnbrough , 24 , slept , his mate rob gaskell , also 24 , inked the words ` if found face down call an ambulance ' on his back . josh , from mossley , near ashton , only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror - and said his partner went ` absolutely bonkers ' when she saw it . rob said he carried out the practical joke on rob , who had passed out at a new year 's eve party , in
alexander soumbadze , 26 , has been charged with eight counts of child pornography . he has recently admitted to trading and receiving child pornography , after which police say the georgian national fled the country . officials say the videos were taken before october 2011 and they are attempting to locate victims to determine possible additional charges .
a fed up resident of cammeray , a wealthy north shore suburb , stuck a note to the windscreen of car parked near a school they believed belonged to an outsiders . ` dear northern beaches parasites and car dependent tragics , ' it read . this controversial note was left on the windboard of a car by a fed-up resident .
david tungate , 58 , was left devastated after the marriage to his first gambian wife broke down shortly after he brought her to the uk . he then remarried , but his second wife , also from gambia , turned out to be a serial bigamist who conned him out of # 24,000 of his retirement money . david is now dating a third gambian woman and is convinced his latest lady will prove to be third time lucky .
george kidd , the chief commissioner of the direct marketing commission , said it would be investigating two firms . the firms are already at the centre of a major probe by the information commissioner 's office . bosses at b2c data were seen boasting of how they held thousands of details on every family in britain .
dr. anthony j. moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man 's office ; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal , prosecutors said on wednesday . he worked with the rival cardiologist at a great neck practice on northern boulevard before setting up his own practice also in great neck .
queen victoria spent her holidays in osborne house on the isle of wight . she would travel to portsmouth by train and then by ferry to ryde . in 1875 , a station was built at whippingham , the closest point on the line . victoria died in 1901 and the station went into public use in 1903 .
larry kramer claims that abraham lincoln was gay and his killer john wilkes booth was actually lincoln 's spurned gay lover . kramer says that the motive for murder was not booth 's anger over the civil war but was his unrequited love for the former president .
elspeth mckendrick , 16 , was left shattered in 2012 when doctors diagnosed her with asperger 's syndrome . the doctor who and sherlock fan had desperately wanted to fit in at school and had built up a small circle of friends . her parents said she was ` very much in denial ' about her condition and felt unable to discuss it with anybody .
ben sunderman , 19 , who has down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with embassy suites . in the video filmed by his mother , he thoroughly looks over the letter on april 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision . with hugs , laughs and excitement all around , the priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles .
kennth crowder , 41 , was arrested in melbourne , florida , on friday after being spotted running naked through a neighborhood calling himself god . he was also spotted committing an undisclosed sex act on a law-enforcement officer , resisting with violence , and assault with a deadly weapon . the officer then punched crowder in the face and he fought back , claiming he was thor and attempting to stab the officer with his own police badge .
laura wells spoke to australian women 's weekly about the pressure put on her ` skinnier ' model room mates to not eat ahead of fashion week per day . the size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard models during her stint working in new york . wells ' comments comes days after france passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in paris fashion week .
google partnered with catlin seaview survey and adrian shine from the loch ness and morar project . the site has launched to mark the 81st anniversary of the ` surgeon 's photograph ' - an image of the mythical monster from 1934 . it lets people virtually explore above and beneath the water of the attraction to the southwest of inverness .
lesley jonathon cameron was jailed for life on tuesday for the horrific murder of maureen anne horstman , 67 , and her 26-year-old daughter tamara . cameron , who was 19 and at the time , also raped tamara but it is not known if she was alive or dead . a used condom with dna evidence was found after the incident , the west australian supreme court heard .
boston took a 6-5 lead in the 19th inning on saturday morning on a sacrifice fly by mookie betts . xander bogaerts scored after reaching on his fourth hit of extra innings . chase headley and mark teixeira hit tying home runs for the yankees in a game interrupted by a power outage for 16 minutes in the 12th .
britain 's five highest-earning nhs dentists are paid average salaries of # 690,000 a year . comes as thousands of patients struggle to get on the books of nhs practices . a further 11 dentists were paid between # 400,000 and # 500,000 . more than 1,600 pocketed # 100,000 - # 200,000 , a total of 177 received .
officers across malawi have been ordered to shoot anyone caught attacking albinos , while tanzania 's prime minister has urged citizens to kill anyone found with albino body parts . at least 15 people with albinism , mostly children , have been killed , wounded , abducted or kidnapped in east africa in the past six months .
linda farrow eyewear 's spring summer campaign shows irina get close to jarrod scott . the russian supermodel , 29 , split from her partner of five years , footballer christiano ronaldo , in january . she has teamed the retro-inspired sunglasses collection with a plunging metallic swimsuit .
the game is based on children 's favourite whack-a-mole but instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a the cartoon girl . it was marketed by smarttouch media and sold on the amazon and android platforms until it was withdrawn following complaints .
ryanair , run by michael o'leary , shared a photo of two of its staff by an advertising banner in terminal 2 , along with the words : ` low fares have come to @dublinairport t2 at last ' . ireland 's national airline tweeted : ` fly from t1 for the lowest fares made simple ' .
prince abdul malik , 31 , exchanged vows with dayangku raabi'atul ` adawiyyah pengiran haji bolkiah , 22 , in brunei 's capital . the newlyweds ' matching gold outfits were both embellished with diamonds , while blushing bride raabiatul carried a bouquet made of dazzling gems . the prince is the youngest child of the sultan , hassanal and his wife , queen saleha ,
brett matthew paul thomas , now 56 , and his friend , mark titch , were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in orange county . thomas and titch were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole . the two were neighbors at a stanton apartment complex that the police had dubbed ` the zoo ' because of the criminal activity there .
callum ryan has committed himself to the incredible endeavour in memory of a malachy , who brought laughter to the world in his short but wonderful life . the university of sydney student will push his body to the limit , running a marathon in each of australia 's eight states and territories . his ` eight great states ' campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend , malachy frawley , who died from heart disease in 2013 when he
malaysian airlines flight mh370 disappeared while travelling from kuala lumpur to beijing with 239 people on-board . the search will ` cover the entire highest probability area identified by expert analysis ' , australian deputy prime minister warren truss . the news came weeks after fresh testimonies from a small island community in the maldives reignited reports the plane could have crashed .
pamela clothier was admitted to hospital forcing her to leave her bungalow . but the 92-year-old 's family was under the impression she planned to sell the house and allowed charity age uk to clear it out . the great-grandmother has criticised the charity and her family .
when president obama met usain bolt , he could not resist joining the world-class sprinter in striking his trademark ` lightning pose ' . he then told bolt ` wait , wait should we get a pose here ? come on man show me ' before the pair busted out in the sprinter 's signature pose for cameras . obama asked the six-time olympic champion to show him the pose before joining him in his signature pose .
omar hussain , 27 , used to live at home with his mother and work as a security guard at morrisons before he travelled to syria . the extremist warns of jihadi brides becoming jealous of other women liking their husband 's social media account too much . he has been promoting himself as an amateur islamic thinker .
david cameron says recovery must be seen in every part of the country . tory leader says recovery is not just ` on the screens of the traders in the city of london ' . latest figures show there are 2million more people in work than in 2010 . tories have promised to create another 2million by 2020 .
nigel farage defected to ukip to trigger the rochester and strood by-election . the tory mp faces an uphill battle to hold on to his 2,920 majority . mr reckless stood for the tories at the 2010 election with a majority of under 10,000 votes .
new jersey schoolteacher cheryl meyer told chris christie to cool it with the attitude at a town hall meeting tuesday . ' i really feel that you need to tone it down a little bit , ' said meyer , ` if you want to become president of the united states ' . christie was careful to choose his answer calmly as cameras rolled .
the controversial contest , held in the forests of the diamond-rich sakha republic , is celebrated in the region as a way of recognising the best canine bear hunter . attacks by brown bears on humans are a danger in many parts of russia , particularly at this time of the year as they awake hungry .
actress says she was in her prime age-wise in the ` unfortunate ' 1970s . the 69-year-old says youth has got nothing to do with style , elegance and beauty . her exact dress is by badgley mischka and was a great choice for the red carpet .
google co-founders larry page and sergey brin kept iterating . they started with images , because people wanted more than just text . this meant they first had to click on these links before finding out if j lo 's dress was featured . just ten year later , that figure reached more than 10 billion .
danielle davis says she looked to her faith when she was faced with the prospect of losing her husband brian in 2011 , just seven months after they were married . ' i did n't think that it was too big for god , ' she said . brian was eventually released into her care .
the man , believed to be mentally disturbed , was caught on video at pearson international airport in ontario trying to enter a restricted area . police in canada have said the man was told he would not be allowed to board a turkish airlines flight and was then tasered . in the video , the man mumbles and stares ahead while the laser-guided sight of a police taser is clearly visible on his t-shirt .
the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power . the bullets hold the guinness world record as the tiniest live ammunition ever created . it was created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds .
sarah stage , 30 , welcomed james hunter into the world on tuesday . despite her critics ' claims that her unusually trim figure could be damage to her unborn child , it seems their fears were unfounded . sarah confirmed that baby james weighed in at a healthy eight pounds , seven ounces and was 22 inches long at the time of his birth .
the video - filmed by a passer-by in shanghai - shows the young woman dangling off the ledge having apparently threatened to jump . police had failed to convince the woman - who was depressed after being dumped by her boyfriend - to climb back into a nearby apartment . but before the ladder could be used the woman became more agitated and suddenly lowered herself on to the edge of the concrete ledge .
sun turned blood red for nearly an hour in aershan city in inner mongolia . just 50 minutes later the bright red sky had faded . photos of people 's hands covered in the black soot have circulated widely online . no official comments been given on what caused the phonomena .
al sharpton has denied that the family wanted him gone to avoid ` another ferguson type of circus ' is ` bogus ' . he also announced that he would head to north charleston , south carolina , to preach and attend a vigil on sunday , the day after the funeral . allegations that scott 's family wanted nothing to do with sharpton were published by the new york daily news .
scientists detected the complex organic molecules in a disk of gas and dust around a star 455 light years away where planets are likely to be forming . the discovery is a boost for finding alien organisms and suggests the conditions that spawned life on earth are not unique to our solar system . experts believe comets and asteroids from the outer solar system seeded the young earth with water and organic molecules to set the stage for life to evolve .
the bodies of a young couple were found stuffed in boxes in a public park in haryana state , around 30 miles south of new delhi . police said the man 's legs had been chopped off and put inside the trunk . his partner was found wearing a set of glass bangles traditionally worn by newlywed women .
the discovery of cremated bone , thought to be the earliest ever identified in britain , could re-write the history of mesolithic , or middle stone age burial practices . it was placed into a pit with a diameter of about three feet -lrb- one metre -rrb- and then backfilled with soil . three radiocarbon dates , two from bone fragments and one from charcoal , have confirmed the remains are around 7,614 years old .
the automated computer program was designed as an online shopping system that would spend up to $ 100 each week . the robot would then have its purchase mailed to a group of artists who then put the items in an exhibition in north east switzerland . the random darknet shopper crossed the line when it purchased 10 ecstasy tablets , which arrived in a vacuum packed bag hidden in a dvd case .
study shows underweight people are a third more likely to be diagnosed with diseases such as alzheimer 's than those of a healthy weight . obese people appear to be protected against dementia . findings contradict many previous studies which have suggested that being fat -- with a high body mass index -lrb- bmi -rrb- could raise the risk .
defence minister kevin andrews has failed to name the leader of islamic state on the same day the federal government announced they would be sending more than 300 australian troops to iraq . but during an embarrassing interview on the abc 's 7.30 program , the mr al-baghdadi claimed he was unable to do so for ` operational reasons ' . but sales would not let him off the hook , saying : ' i do n't think that 's
braylon robinson was playing at a house in cleveland , ohio , on sunday when another three-year-old boy found the unattended weapon and pulled the trigger . minutes later , he was rushed to an area hospital , where he was later pronounced dead . investigators are apparently trying to determine where the gun came from . the identity of the person responsible for bringing it into the house and leaving it within the toddler 's reach .
peter fox , 26 , was arrested at euston station in london this morning . he was arrested on suspicion of the murders of bernadette , 57 , and sarah fox , 27 . mrs fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . her family today said they are ` absolutely devastated ' at their loss .
doug hughes made his initial appearance in u.s. district court in washington on thursday . he was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace . in a soft voice , hughes appeared to ask the judge a clarifying question about that obligation but otherwise he did not say anything significant .
the sandstorm wrecked havoc across saudi arabia , oman and the united arab emirates over a period of seven days . the following day , it pushed further east to cause flight cancellations in dubai . by april 4 , it was beginning to stretch across the arabian sea towards pakistan and india .
prime minister and wife joined worshippers at gravesend gurdwara in kent . they briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the sikh holy book to the temple . it comes just a day after the conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of christians in the uk .
researchers at the american museum of natural history in new york have found a total of 99 prints . they now believe that they belong to groups who all passed over the soft mud at the same time - perhaps even stalking some of the other animals whose prints are also preserved in the mud .
hbo has pledged to crackdown on australians who use overseas accounts to access the us-restricted streaming service hbo now . tens of thousands of aussies are reportedly accessing foreign content via virtual private network -lrb- vpn -rrb- technology . hbo has warned users , who are watching shows such as girls that will be cut off on april 21 .
heather hironimus , who filed a civil rights lawsuit late monday , is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges have n't . the complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son is n't necessary , that the boy does n't want it , and that his constitutional rights are being violated . aside from seeking to stop the procedure , hironk is trying to avoid her own arrest .
corporal christian walmsley was found dead in his flat in bolton , greater manchester wearing five war medals after struggling to adapt to civilian life . father-of-three had served in the first gulf war , bosnia , angola and northern ireland in the royal engineers from 1989 until 2000 . he was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder -lrb- ptsd -rrb- , depression and fibromyalgia , a chronic condition causing deep muscle pain . his family said
experts say ` rogue ' , sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials . this is according to sean raymond , an astrophysicist with the laboratoire d'astrophysique de bordeaux in france . he says : ` to have any chance of life -- at least life like our own -- a free-floating earth would need liquid water ' .
the lion , known as p-22 , left the los feliz home in the early hours of tuesday having created the media circus in the affluent hollywood suburb . his departure was announced on twitter by the california department of fish and wildlife , which tweeted ` the cougar has left the building ' at 9.28 am .
zara phillips is vying for a place on team gb at the rio olympics . the 33-year-old welcomed mia grace with husband mike tindall last year . but after finding herself ` surprised ' by how her fitness dropped . zara has a breakfast of greek yogurt and honey and tries to get in a stint .
the 44-year-old tv star was found dead by suicide at his miami mansion on sunday . her surgeon friend dr fredric brandt had died . the personality added , ` if you love someone tell them every day that you love them because you do n't know if you will have that opportunity ... he could sing anything at a moment ' .
isis fighter jannahtain tweeted picture of burger king whopper in syria . he said : ` that moment when a bro your -lrb- sic -rrb- asks you if you need anything from turkey . jihad2015 ' . twitter users quick to condemn their craving for food many hard line clerics .
the new study was spawned by the mass shooting in aurora , colorado , in july 2012 during a midnight screening of the dark knight rises . 12 people were killed and 70 injured . the legal proceedings alone cost $ 5.5 million before the trial of the shooter , james eagan holmes , had even started .
hollywood pr peggy siegal said voting panel objected to having a british director paint their country in a bad light . she said that steve mcqueen would not win as the academy did not want such a dark message about the us to be ` sent around the world ' . emails also reveal that a hollywood blockbuster of dr who is in the works - but not for a few years .
kingsley burrell , 29 , was taken into custody on march 27 2011 after calling police to say he was being threatened with a gun while out shopping in the centre of birmingham . however , when cctv showed that in fact nobody had approached him , he was sectioned under the mental health act . he died four days later at the queen elizabeth hospital -lrb- qe -rrb- .
researchers led by imperial college london has already applied to patent the therapy , which could be ready for human trials within three years . the protein promotes the production of immune cells called cytotoxic t-cells , which have the ability to detect cancerous cells , hunt them down , and destroy them .
the number of bottles of fake tan sold in 2014 fell by nearly a quarter . the product used to be a favourite of many celebrities including victoria beckham and sam faiers . fake tanning had become part of many women 's regular beauty regime . but even the towie crew themselves admit the look can easily go wrong .
beatrice tollman , founder of a luxury hotel chain , made her most recent donation of # 20,000 to the tories earlier this month . last night it emerged she has previously been charged with conspiracy to evade millions of dollars in tax before charges were dismissed by a judge . mr tollman repaid more than 100 million us dollars to america after the couple spent five years fighting off attempts to extradite mrs tollman from the uk .
michelle , a 32-year-old mother who has asked for her surname not to be used , said the white van drove through a red light at about 2:30 p.m. on tuesday and almost hit her vehicle . she said she followed the man and taped him after he swerved in and out of traffic while speeding on a stretch of road . when she pulled up next to the man , he threw the bottle at her car , she told jacksonville sheriff 's office
prince of wales has cut an increasingly relaxed figure since marrying camilla . she was the most hated woman in britain , loathed for her role in the break-up of the prince 's marriage and vilified for everything from her dress sense to her looks . but 10 years on from the sunny april day that saw camilla parker-bowles become the duchess of cornwall .
dave brockie was found slumped in a chair at his richmond , virginia , home march 23 , 2014 . a medical examiner later determined that the 50-year-old musician died of accidental drug overdose . the grammy-nominated band was founded in 1984 and is known for its comically grotesque costumes , stage antics and vulgar lyrics .
three-year-old william tyrrell disappeared from his grandmother 's house last september . detective superintendent mick willing , nsw homicide squad commander , said on friday : ` one of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring ' . detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are ` vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace ' .
prime minister hailed the work of the church and condemned the persecution of christians following the massacre in kenya . he criticised bishops for a controversial election letter calling for a ` fresh moral vision of the kind of country we want to be ' . mr cameron was taken t visit the lambs with farmer julian tustian at dean lane farm just outside the village of chadlington .
gavin tobeck of lacey , washington suffered from a broken cheekbone , jaw and nose bridge , and needed sections of a rib to repair his eye sockets . in an effort to save her son , 29-year-old alissa evans ' friend threw hot coffee on the dog which led to the animal releasing his grip on gavin . following a ten-day quarantine to check for rabies , smash is scheduled to be euthanized by thurston county animal service on s
jameela jamil , 29 , spent # 3,000 on having all her amalgam fillings removed and replaced with white fillings . dental amalgam has been used for more than 150 years , and every year 12 million fillings made from it are given to patients in britain .
annie stevenson decided to get takeaway from blenheim mcdonald 's for herself and her three-year-old son luca at about 5.20 pm on saturday . after taking three bites of her burger something was not right and then pulled a half eaten , disemboweled cockroach out of her mouth . the mother of one took to her facebook account to post her horrible experience .
kyle major , 14 , punched father-of-two paul walker in the back of the head . he was found face down in a pool of blood by a passerby in new year 's day . mr walker had been ` allowed to run wild ' after wishing him a happy new year . he had just asked his friends for directions and felled him from behind .
the bridesmaids star and daughter of famed australian actor barry otto have , along with fellow actress krey boylan , film director shannon murphy and pr maven jessica carrerea . byrne believes sheryl sandberg is a pioneer for women .
japanese priest shinjiro kumagai has vowed to crack down on drink driving by dressing as a superhero in his spare time . but after the days work is done , he dresses up as iconic japanese sci-fi tv hero kamen rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law . he 's also funded by his church , where the head buddhist priest fukumitsu funds his costume and bike .
photographer mark kolbe travelled around australia to meet the grandchildren , great-grandchildren , sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the australian armed forces . amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge . the soldiers ' medals remain glistening inside their descendants ' homes after a century of being treasured .
sonnenspeicher uses a lithium iron phosphate battery to store energy harnessed by solar panels . this energy can be used throughout the day , and any excess is stored for when the sun goes down . rather than selling this excess electricity back to the grid , homeowners can then use their stored supply for power . it additionally has a sleep mode that ensures the storage system never runs low and will automatically go into standby when not in use .
german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields . he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including a rare jaguar xk120 . many of the cars , often with doors , tires or windows missing , are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over .
the park hyatt new york , for example , recently hired first lady michelle obama 's favourite designer , narcisco rodriguez , to re-design the staff 's uniforms . the result was a sleek , sophisticated style , inspired by the asian artwork in the property 's common spaces .
doug hughes , 61 , made it through restricted airspace and a no-fly zone in a gyrocopter wednesday carrying 535 letters -- one for each member of congress -- and landed the aircraft on the capitol lawn . hughes was promptly arrested for the stunt and charged thursday with violating restricted airspace . his wife , alena , says she is proud of her husband and will ` support him no matter what ' .
last month 's average temperature soared to 56.4 °f -lrb- 13.6 °c -rrb- above the average for the 20th century . this was the highest for march in the 1880-2015 record . scientists warn that fossil fuel burning is pushing more greenhouse gas into the atmosphere , leading to increased temperatures , melting of polar ice and glaciers .
chanel , 19 , from california , has taken to bathing in pig 's blood in a desperate -- and bizarre -- attempt to maintain her youthful appearance . in the latest episode of mtv 's true life , entitled ` i 'm obsessed with staying young ' , she tries to justify by claiming that ` thousands of years ago people did this and it worked ' .
three reportedly inexperienced abalone divers died after jumping into rough seas off the coast of northern california on sunday . ten friends , including the dead men , had rented a house on caspar cove 160 miles north of san francisco to hunt for abalone . abalone is a prized delicacy that sells for up to $ 70 per pound .
alaska airlines flight 448 bound for los angeles was forced to turn around and return to seattle-tacoma international airport monday . passengers heard banging and pleas for help coming from the cargo section of the jet . later revealed that the unnamed employee of airline contractor menzies aviation had dozed off inside the plane at the end of his shift and only awakened when it was in the air , about 14 minutes into the flight .
the green lamborghini and red ferrari - worth a combined total of # 1.3 million - are believed to have been racing through the underpass in beijing . the crash occurred two hours before ` fast and furious 7 ' broke the record for midnight screenings on its launch in china .
the bbc 's online game , syrian journey , often ends with refugees drowning in the mediterranean or being sold to militia . players choose a male or female character before attempting to flee syria , either via turkey or egypt , as they make difficult decisions about whether to travel by land or sea .
chamali fernando , candidate for cambridge , was speaking at hustings event . she said wearing wristbands would help doctors , lawyers and police officers . barrister for 12 years said police , social services or hospitals dealing with conditions that affect their ability to communicate can decide they are being obstructive or evasive .
russians are freezing at home , rather than sizzling in india 's flop-in-the-sun western state . the beaches are more relaxed , the restaurants and bars quieter , the accessories less shiny . goans peddling pedicures and sarongs smile and tell us we are ` very pale ' .
labour frontbenchers said there had been a ` dramatic decline in standards ' in the nhs over the past five years . shadow chancellor ed balls said if standards continued to decline at the current rate , then by 2020 millions more will face long waits in a&e and long waits to see gps .
brian karl brimager , 37 , entered his plea on friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego , in connection with the death of yvonne lee baldelli . the 42-year-old woman from laguna niguel , california , was last seen in september 2011 when she arrived in panama with brimager . her family reported her missing the following january .
viv nicholson , 79 , from west yorkshire , became rich overnight when she scooped # 152,319 in 1961 with her husband keith . the win , on a football betting pool , in which gamblers predict the results of football games across a season , would be worth up to # 5million in today 's money . the pair , from castleford , splurged the cash on flash cars , designer clothes , holidays and partying - frittering away half of their wealth
joy behar and kelly ripa shared their grief on monday over the tragic death of cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt . the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt 's death on sunday was a suicide by hanging . an autopsy was scheduled monday , the coroner confirmed .
ed miliband 's son daniel has inadvertently waded into the row about ` two kitchens ' . it is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign . mr miliband was forced to admit he needs two kitchens because the family nanny lives in the basement of his london ` mansion ' .
the 30-year-old lingerie model and animal rights activist from los angeles had come under fire during her pregnancy . but james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces earlier this week , putting paid to sarah 's critics . sarah shared the adorable pictures to her instagram page .
prince harry arrived in australia on monday for his month-long secondment to the australian defence force . he took an hour-long break at the village during a training exercise with a norforce unit . mr trust described the royal visitor as ' a real delightful chap ' .
the radical left syriza party says germany owes greece nearly 279billion euros , or # 204billion to compensate it for looting and war crimes . greek prime minister alexis tsipras raised the reparations issue when he met german chancellor angela merkel in berlin last month .
lily melrose is a fashion blogger who has 137,000 followers on instagram . so what to do if you want to embrace summer style now , all you need is a pair of pliers , a glue gun and some scissors . lily models her updated dress , complete with necklace collar .
the whole damn farm , which costs # 13.50 , is the creation of sam longhurst , head chef of splendid kitchen , manchester . he devised the mega meal - which contains two beef burgers , homemade bacon jam , ham chunks , a whole chicken thigh , barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers .
don mclean 's 16-page collection is expected to fetch up to $ 1.5 million -lrb- # 1,006,303 -rrb- at auction today . in an interview published by christie 's auction house new york , mclean says american pie is about ` heading in the wrong direction ' .
jeff and joey stallings , from mccomb , mississippi , fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug . they were hospitalized on april 6 , within hours of each other , when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking . they had to be put on life support , but they are now facing serious - and in jeff 's case , permanent - medical issues .
thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , use a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in rottnest island on april 3 . both men pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at fremantle magistrate 's court on friday . they were each fined $ 4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines .
illinois rep. luis gutierrez said that if a person is arrested of detained , he or she can ` explain that under the policy in place today , you should be released because you are not a priority for deportation ' . the toolkit includes a wallet-sized card that gutierrez says should be shown to immigration officers when an undocumented immigrant is in an emergency situation .
victoria beckham posted a pic of her husband on instragram on tuesday . due to the wispy grey strands peppering his beard , captioned it ` silver fox ' . george lamb is a serious trendsetter , helping to make it cool for young men to embrace the grey .
study published last week suggests overweight people are less likely to develop dementia . few people are advised to gain weight , unless their bmi is below 18 . researchers analysed the medical records of nearly two million people for up to ten years and found that those who were overweight had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia .
the teenager from the henan province in central china appears to have had surgery on her jaw , chin and eyes . one of the comments about the underage girl has over 24,000 likes on chinese internet portal tencent . others have hinted the photographs may not be real or are digitally enhanced .
former sister-in-law of lynn rishell has been charged with the murder of his second wife , toni bertolet , 51 , last november . in both cases henthorn was named as the sole beneficiary in a string of lucrative life insurance policies totaling $ 500,000 on the death of his first wife and $ 4.5 million on his death . lynn 's brother 's wife , grace rishell , has opened up to say that the fbi told
horrific cctv footage shows milton vieira severiano , 32 , dragging the limp body of dancer cicera alves de sena , 29 , into the garden of their apartment in rio de janeiro in eastern brazil . he later confessed that he 'd carried out the brutal act ` because he was jealous of men looking at her ' . he then dumps her by the hair and savagely slamming the back of her head into the concrete 11 times before vicious
nhs handed out 404,500 prescriptions for suncream at a cost of # 13million in 2014 . some patients are even being given hangover tablets and yakult yogurt drinks . critics said it was ` ludicrous ' that such items were being handed out when the nhs was rationing routine treatments .
sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee , was driving home from a concert with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover . the 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early . giles has finally seen her newborn after waking up from her coma .
a 4-foot-high , 100-pound sculpted bust of the infamous nsa whistle-blower now exiled in russia was sneaked into brooklyn 's fort greene park in the pre-dawn hours monday . animal new york said the mysterious perpetrators were a trio of guerrilla artists -- admirers of the former government contractor who had leaked thousands of pages of classified information from the national security agency . at daybreak , police said city parks officials ordered the sculpted
nicky morgan revealed she has ordered officials to start ` mapping the pressures ' on the state schools system . comes less than six months after she told the head of ofsted it was not ` helpful ' to warn that schools are struggling to cope with an ` influx ' of migrants . latest figures show the number hit 298,000 in the year to september .
survivors of the boston marathon bombing returned to the site of the deadly blasts on tuesday as they marked the second anniversary of the tragedy . four orange signs each bearing a white heart and the word ` boston ' were placed at the site . they were mounted on poles wrapped in blue and yellow flowers to mark the tragedy that took three lives and left more than 260 others injured .
the fast-casual chain , which plans on having 2,000 stores by the end of the year , removed carnitas pork burritos from roughly a third of its locations in january . chipotle , which dropped one of its pork vendors earlier this year , only uses humanely-raised pigs that have not received added hormones , though they have become harder to acquire . the restaurant 's pigs also need access to the outdoors and living spaces with large supplies of straw for their meat to make
brae carnes of victoria , british columbia is protesting an amendment to a canadian transgender rights bill . the bill would allow owners to make their own decisions as to whether or not to allow transgender individuals to use facilities corresponding to their gender . carnes has begun posting photos of herself applying makeup and even changing in men 's public bathrooms .
luigi costa , 71 , is accused of stomping on his elderly neighbour terrence freebody 's head , cutting his throat and stabbing him multiple times in the dining room of his home . professor paul mullen examined costa after the attack and believes there was evidence of the accused 's state of mind declining in the lead-up to the incident .
nick cousins looked visibly upset and his filipino wife herminia garcia was shaking when they emerged from the court in the sai wai ho suburb of hong kong . the 53-year-old was arrested after her daughter , blanca cousins , fell from the 19th floor of their luxury apartment . the couple did not make a statement after they left court . mr cousins was also arrested on suspicion of ` ill treatment ' .
kevin dixon took his friend 's akita-type dog for a walk to help her out . the 35-year-old hit the animal seven times with an axe - killing the animal . dixon was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering . he was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals for ten years .
joshua vaughan , 17 , was last seen standing on a platform at chapeltown , sheffield , on january 7 . his girlfriend sent his mother a message on facebook and found that he was crying . his mother said she had told her son to come home , and that she would come and fetch him at the station .
scott kemery , 44 , was rushed by helicopter to stony brook university hospital on long island with first and second degree burns . police said he started the blaze with his ill-timed cigarette break in the parking lot of the king kullen supermarket in eastport on tuesday . he said that a friend had explained to him the best way to kill bedbugs was to douse them in alcohol .
the surrender of confederate gen. robert e. lee to union lt. gen. ulysses s. grant 150 years ago was a milestone event in the end of the civil war . thursday 's commemoration in appomattox , virginia , included a reenactment of lee 's last clash with grant 's troops . in april 1865 , the troops were n't as calm . lee formally called it quits . today is the
kelly kreth , 44 , told dailymail.com that after having a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life she became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind . six years and 600 prison letters later , kreth sent a postcard that had an image of her in a striped dress along with a note saying she thinks everyone lives in a type of prison . ' i love it : the sweet , close , husky smell of indoor homicide , ' swango wrote
kimberly waddell macemore , 25 , of wilkesboro , south carolina , was sentenced on tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison . the sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation . she was also ordered to perform 72 hours of community service , register as a convicted sex offender for the next 30 years .
cctv footage shows a man casually approach a white range rover . just seconds later , he opens the door without even using a key . it shows the man approach the white 4x4 and within two seconds . he then manages to reverse the car away from the front of the house . police are now appealing for information in a bid to track down the thief .
ben grower wrote to bournemouth borough council complaining about lack of action over fly-tipping . he signed off his email with : ` that 's why i 'll be voting ukip ' . mr roberts said he was shocked by the ` petty ' reply . the 65-year-old said : ' i am certainly not a racist and i do not think ukkip is racist ' .
a facebook page mocking returned australian servicemen and women has sparked outrage on social media for it 's description of diggers . ` the diggers are dole bludgers ' has attracted more than 360 likes since the page started in late january . the page claims that those in the armed forces are ` being paid with money stolen from the taxpayer to do a job that is unnecessary ' .
crystal fowler was caught by police at jfk airport on april 12 after taking a caribbean airlines flight from her hometown in guyana , south america , to new york . authorities said they spotted her ` sweating profusely ' and ` avoiding eye contact with officers ' so they decided to pull her aside to conduct a search . after patting her down in a private room , investigators reportedly felt a ` dense hard material ' under her clothes . it 's estimated the
norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness . eye2tv can be plugged into any hdmi port on a tv or a computer monitor . a remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment . it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise could n't . the team from the university of east anglia in norwich is seeking # 100,000 of funding to get their project of the ground .
university of south carolina student pictured writing ` n ***** s ' in study room . she was identified by other students and condemned for the slur . but she is yet to be named by school officials and is facing a usc code of conduct inquiry . university president harris pastides has announced that the student has been suspended .
jericho scott , 16 , became an internet star after being told he could n't pitch for his little league team because he had a 40mph fastball at age nine . scott was killed while he sat in a white volkswagen with a friend , justin compress , who was shot in the shoulder , hand and wrist but is now in stable condition . the budding star had five no-hitters in the team 's first eight games of the season before being told to sit out .
the rounded chunks join creme eggs , pg tips teabags and even john west tuna in the ever-increasing list of goods getting smaller . even if maths is n't your cup of tea , it 's easy to see you 're now getting fewer tea bags per pack of blend of both .
rihanna cooper , 21 , from hull , hit headlines when she became youngest person in britain to be accepted for gender reassignment . part way through her treatment , the stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it . now , having realised she ca n't go on as a man again and having to pay for her treatment privately , rihanna is working as an escort to fund her dreams .
elizabeth sedway , 51 , from granite hill , california , posted an emotional video on her facebook page monday showing her family being kicked off a packed plane . mrs sedway initially said she was fine , but when the airline employee approached her a second time , she indicated that she might require a little extra time to board the plane .
stoke 's charlie adam picked up the ball up deep into his own half . the scottish midfielder belted it with his reliable left foot . the shot was hit such power that the back-pedaling courtois was unable to deflect the ball away despite getting his fingers to it .
the royal commission into institutional responses to child sex abuse in rockhampton has also heard a woman was gang raped by employees and then had a child at 14 years of age . a third victim claimed she was raped more than 100 times by parish priest reginald durham , who is now dead , from when she was 11 . in claims aired publicly for the first time said the man and two other employees bound , gagged and raped her at the orphanage .
the pair allegedly worked as a team to manipulate the results of a full body scanner at a security check-point in denver international airport last year . according to a denver police department report seen by daily mail online , the transportation security administration -lrb- tsa -rrb- received an anonymous tip in november last year that an employee had admitted to ` groping ' men who came through security .
the queen , then aged 86 , was filmed ` jumping out of a plane ' during the opening ceremony of the london 2012 olympics . just last week , she was spotted looking animated and crossing her fingers at the newbury races while cheering on her filly . her majesty is also a regular rider and is frequently spotted riding out in windsor great park last week .
kenyatta leal is the first graduate of san quentin 's tech program . he was one of 15 prisoners selected from about 200 to undergo six months of intensive business training with silicon valley entrepreneurs . leal was handed a life sentence in 1994 for his third strike , unlawfully possessing a firearm after committing a felony .
jade and ross morley have welcomed twins into their family . the morleys , from casuarina on the north coast of nsw , released a video to explain floyd 's condition to their friends and family . floyd is now a big brother to three-week-old twins , and his mum jade said that she knows the two newest additions to their family will be his biggest supporters .
former bbc economics editor made headlines last week after it emerged she had been ` secretly ' dating the labour leader when he first met his wife justine in 2004 . it was unclear whether miss flanders was voicing regret over her relationship with mr miliband , or was embarrassed by the media coverage .
margaret hesketh , 70 , went in to the royal albert edward infirmary in wigan on october 28 last year with an infected bed sore and suspected pneumonia . medics told the family there was little they could do for the 70-year-old because she was riddled with tumours . but they claim a post-mortem found no sign of cancer in the grandmother-of-six , and that she died of pneumonia while malnourished .
justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california , and charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . but following interviews , his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' , and his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000 . on saturday , he posted bail . he will be released by sunday morning , with a court date set for april 24 .
andrea dossena was arrested at the knightsbridge store on tuesday . the 33-year-old now plies his trade with leyton orient . he was arrested on suspicion of shoplifting at harrods . dossie scored the winner against real madrid in the champions league .
the figure went up from 16 to 31 per cent among men named nigel . joe twyman said the idea was to look at whether a person 's first name had any bearing on how they voted . the three most likely to vote labour were michelle , june and and andy .
michael slager , 33 , is charged with murder after opening fire on walter scott , 50 , after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light in north charleston , south carolina . his attorney andy savage told cbs that slager is housed in a room with one small window and does not have any interaction with any other detainees . slager 's mother is expected to visit her son friday for the first time since the shooting .
actor ryan reynolds was the victim of a hit-and-run in a hotel parking lot , according to his publicist and vancouver police . the incident took place on friday when the 38-year-old was struck by a car while walking in the residential parking garage of the shangri-la hotel . the vancouver-born actor was left uninjured following the incident .
the cartoons by illustrator ryan chapman have all been designed for when you find yourself in the middle of an awkward pause . they include : ` tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer , ' and ` more home pregnancy kits are sold in march than any other month ' . the blog has now been turned into a book by chronicle books called conversation sparks : trivia worth talking about that is for sale on amazon .
nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out . there 's even a word for it -- ` nomophobia ' , the fear of being without a working mobile . sir james dyson , inventor of dyson hoovers , is attempting to solve the problem by investing # 10 million in u.s.-based battery experts sakti3 .
emma watson reached a quarter of a century yesterday , celebrating what must arguably be one of the recognisable a-lister names on the planet . now renowned for her effortless style and influential role in women 's right movements , emma has come a long way from her frizzy-haired days .
the rensselaer polytechnic institute in new york has pushed back its planned screening of the controversial iraq war film which was set for last friday . it said it will still show the oscar-nominated movie but with an educational forum follow-up to allow students to discuss the film . the film was postponed because senior management at the college did not want to create animosity or tension among its students .
father , uriel miranda , 38 , and two children , aged eight and two , were killed after their suv rolled over on central florida 's atlantic coast . authorities say the driver and a 7-year-old boy were treated at a hospital and released . seven other relatives ranging from ages 3 to 34 remained hospitalized .
police in canada have also charged joanna flynn , a former nurse at georgian bay general hospital in ontario , with criminal negligence causing death . the 50-year-old was arrested on thursday , and it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine .
tewksbury police department came under attack by hackers . program called cryptolocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer . it caused police systems to be down between four and five days . police chief timothy sheehan said : ` nobody wants to pay terrorists ' .
jershon witehira posted an equally cheeky reply on his facebook page opening with ' my dearest lucy ' . gransbury thought the good-humoured note worked wonders after an entire week of uninterrupted sleep until she was woken again just before dawn the following sunday . so she followed up by dropping a thank-you card and some gifts over the fence to the seven or eight men who lived there because she was ` too scared ' to knock on their door .
tokyo 's narita airport has installed running tracks in its new terminal 3 in honour of the 2020 olympics . the recently-opened terminal will be used for departures and arrivals of low-cost carriers . all of the blue lanes lead towards the departure area , while the red track leads travellers to arrivals .
chihuahua digby was found severely dehydrated and cowering between two bins at a block of flats in north london last week . he was rescued by the rspca and taken to a centre in hertfordshire where he quickly became inseparable from 9st mastiff nero .
scientists found the giant u.s. ship - which could incredibly still have a plane inside it - standing upright and listing only slightly . there also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel , scientists with the national oceanic and atmospheric administration -lrb- noaa -rrb- said on thursday . the ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a ` target vessel ' for operation crossroads on july 1 , 1946 .
brendan rodgers was ordered to pay # 400 and # 375 costs at blackburn magistrates ' court for leaving a # 69,950 terrace house in accrington . the house was left in a state of disrepair for three years . rodgers and his business partner judith o'hagan were found guilty of ignoring an improvement notice issued by hyndburn council .
samantha cameron , 43 , comes from an aristocratic background . she was educated at marlborough college , whose other alumni include the duchess of cambridge and princess eugenie . her marriage broke up after she had a child , and her lyrics have a tendency towards violent , sexual imagery that bemoans ` boys ' and ` all the work they require ' .
henry howes failed to pick up a despicable me toy as he played the notoriously difficult claw game at his local swimming pool in tamworth , staffordshire . when he reached too far , he slipped under the trap door and was stuck inside . his nine-year-old brother harvey witnessed the accident , so was able to run .
there are plenty of diy ` solutions ' - vodka , aspirin and pennies - to keep a bouquet fresh . use a sharp , unserrated knife and cut on a slant - exposing more surface area . leave to sit in a cool location for up to two hours . preserve your flowers with hairspray . remove them from the vase and lightly spray the petal undersides .
michael munday has taken to social media to post heartfelt notes dedicated to the love of his life . the sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers . mr munday says he needs the support of the public in order to win her back .
dr unt tun maung , 43 , was working as a locum gp when he assaulted the patient during a routine examination at a teesside medical centre in 2012 . the father-of-one had spent 12 years working in the nhs , but has now lost everything because of a ` moment of madness ' . mr hurst asked the teenager to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing each of her breasts .
study analysed dna from 21,566 men convicted of sex offences in sweden . it found that sons and brothers of convicted sex offenders were four to five times more likely to be convicted of similar crimes than men in the general population . in only 2 per cent of cases could this familial connection be explained by shared environmental factors .
ukip candidate kim rose will be grilled by police over claims he tried to ` corruptly influence ' voters by giving them sausage rolls . mr rose , 57 , is running for nigel farage 's party in southampton itchen . he branded police involvement as ` absolutely ridiculous ' .
kim took her family to jerusalem 's old city on monday to visit armenian church st james cathedral in order to baptise their little girl . and , clearly overwhelmed and honoured by the pilgrimage , kim took to instagram to share a couple of pictures from inside the holy building .
great manchester police tweeted a warning about wasting time . the 44-year-old from oldham decided had just returned from algeria . police tweeted the anecdote after the man tried to lodge an official complaint at the police chadderton division . there was a warning that such an offence can carry a maximum punishment of six months ' imprisonment and/or a fine .
german police are investigating whether a woman lied about being related to a victim of the doomed germanwings flight . the halterner zeitung newspaper - based in the town that lost 16 students and two teachers - said she flew to the region twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher 's cousins . the alleged culprit will be questioned , a police spokesman in hoexter has said .
jared quirk , 18 , was in athens with classmates from rockland , massachusetts , to see the ancient world - but fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends . two others boys who attended rockland high school with him also died in the past six months . it was the third day of the trip .
sonia morales was diagnosed with anencephaly , a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull . sonia and her husband rony , who live in providence , rhode island , decided to ` keep her no matter what ' . a couple who were told their severely disabled baby may die within hours of being born .
an estimated 957,000 shoppers in the us alone ordered apple watches on friday and this popularity surpassed expectations . it was expected to launch on 24 april . ms ahrendts added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets ` closer to in-store availability ' .
michael gove said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit . he said the tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners . mr gove was asked specifically : ` there is a huge amount of welfare spending that can be reduced without having any impact on people who have disabilities ' .
officials in buzim , north west bosnia said their home should be known as the ` town of twins ' . local journalist nedzib vucelj noticed the phenomena when his wife emira gave birth to twins during the 1992-95 civil war . he said he went to his neigbours seeking to borrow a buggy to carry the babies .
tilly meowing in distress as he threw her against the door was played in swindon . he claimed he was ` accidentally ' high on ` white rhino ' - super-strength cannabis . owner sarah reeves , 19 , was also given a ten-year ban from keeping animals .
up to 120,000 britons have laser eye surgery each year to correct long and short-sightedness , and almost one in 20 of them suffer some sort of complication.most operations are done privately . law graduate lois roberts said she had to apply eye drops every day to alleviate the pain , which can bring on chronic eye inflammation .
mohammed khubaib , 43 , befriended girls and then ` hooked ' them with alcohol . married businessman would pursue his interest ` away from his home and family ' . he was found guilty of forcing a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him and nine counts of trafficking for sexual exploitation .
video depicts the 918 spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road on the stuart highway , north of alice springs . the car was driven by new zealand professional race car driver craig baird , who switches the vehicle into ` race hybrid ' and slams his foot on the throttle . the $ 900,000 vehicle is driven by a petrol-electric hybrid system which can accelerate from 60km to its top speed in a mere 40 seconds
stephanie scott 's remains have been transported to glebe morgue in sydney . the 26-year-old leeton high school teacher was allegedly murdered and dumped in bushland six days before she was due to walk down the aisle to marry her partner of five years . nsw police will get in contact with their counterparts in the netherlands .
video shows keepers assisting six elephants along a path . the baby elephant can be seen walking alongside its herd . it stops to dawdle and picks something up from the floor . it then rather cheekily forces its way into the line at the expense of the huge -- and rather understanding -- elephant behind it .
thousands of japanese-americans , groups and sympathizers posted their opposition to the sale on social media and the auction house 's facebook page . the items from the collection of ` dean of american crafts ' allen eaton were slated for public auction on friday . the auction was halted thanks to the efforts of takei , who lived in an internment camps in arkansas as a child .
sign written in ancient greek and latin warning cyclists not to leave bikes chained to railings in cambridge . it warns that bikes will be ` removed or destroyed ' if they are left behind building previously used by greek orthodox church . classicist professor mary beard translated the latin part of the sign as meaning ` two wheels -lsb- cycles -rsb- will be removed ' .
queen letizia , 42 , unveiled a new bob hair cut at madrid casino . the royal accessorised her sequinned black gown with an enormous pair of chandelier earrings . the mother-of-two brought her seven-year-old daughter valentina to the ceremony .
aldi has grown by more than 10 per cent over the last year and is now worth # 490million . it 's believed aldi is luring customers away from tesco , offering a smaller range but cheaper prices . the leader has improved its market share in the increasingly fashionable premium ale market .
bob schieffer , 78 , was speaking to students at an annual symposium that bears his name at texas christian university 's school of journalism in fort worth , his alma mater . ` it 's been a great adventure , ' he said . ` and not many people get to do that , and i could n't have asked for a better life or something that was more fun and more fulfilling ' .
the clip shows nancy kanwisher , a professor at the massachusetts institute of technology , chopping at her shoulder-length bob with scissors just a few seconds into a lecture . the short video was posted on the scientist 's brain talks website , which is designed to teach people about the different methods of studying the brain .
the female jihadis are shown firing machine guns and learning how to march as a unit . some of the women appear to struggle with the weight of their machine guns . the radical group of women boisterously shout religious slogans , praising islam and re-iterating their devotion to jihad . the video opens with the band of female jihadi marching along a sloped road in the syrian countryside .
grace rebecca mann , 20 , was found unconscious by two female roommates in the home they shared in fredericksburg , virginia , about 3pm . local reports say mann was asphyxiated and found with a plastic bag stuffed into her throat , however police have not commented on the cause of death . steven vander briel , 30 , was home when the two women stumbled upon the body , but ran out of the house , according to freder
mohammed emwazi , now known as jihadi john , planned to join al-shabaab . but his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group . instead he travelled to syria where he joined islamic state and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online .
newington college in stanmore in sydney 's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations . headmaster david mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on monday ahead of a pending court case . he said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward .
mike and susan fortuna , of shelburne , sued allergan , saying off-label treatment of her spams caused by cerebral palsy with botox contributed to her death . their lawyer said 7-year-old joshua drake developed epilepsy after getting botox injections for his leg spasms .
strangers from around minnesota flocked to a ten-year-old girl 's birthday party after several of her classmates did n't respond to their invitations . mackenzie moretter , who has a rare genetic disorder called sotos syndrome , told her parents she wanted a ` big-girl party ' for her tenth birthday . the response was overwhelming .
french photographer floriane de lassee has captured the essence of what people do when they 're alone . she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping . the city exceeds the overflow . she is about to devour us , ' she says about her project .
richard graham , who is fighting to retain the marginal seat of gloucester , faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the high court . he was accused of posting the tweets to ` ingratiate himself ' with voters by ` whipping up local feeling ' about the forthcoming case concerning the killing of a teenager .
study involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without . dog one got it right in 98.7 % of cases , while for dog two this was 97.6 % . prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the uk , with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year .
teresa swarbrick , known affectionately to her friends and family as etch , died on april 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near julian rocks in nsw . the mother of two , from western sydney , was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water . lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with cpr .
police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes . last night in parts of johannesburg officers formed a human barrier to keep the two sides apart . more than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed just a day after a rally against xenophobia in durban .
reports suggest apple is about to abandon the launch of a 6s this autumn . this difference may seem slight , but it suggests the next model of iphone could be substantial improvement on iphones . rumours have hinted towards new features such as force touch . claims were made by kgi securities analyst ming-chi kuo during a note to investors on tuesday .
rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland , florida in september 2013 . the following month , the polk county sheriff 's office said she likely killed herself following ` malicious harassment ' from two schoolmates , katelyn roman , then 12 , and guadalupe shaw , 13 . both girls , who were students at crystal lake middle school , were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking . one of the girls has
a pair of turkey-sized ` egg thief lizards ' dubbed romeo and juliet were found lying next to each other in a 75-million-year-old rock in the mid-90s . but it has taken until now for experts to determine the sex of the ` lovers ' . palaeontologists led by scott persons believe they can tell males and females apart from certain tail bones .
footage shows men kneeling in middle of a dusty road in deir ez-zor , syria . it comes just one day after the extremist group claim to have shot and beheaded more than 30 ethiopian christians in libya . each of the men are forced on to their hands and knees before they are beheaded .
britain 's got talent dog miss wendy 's mouth moved perfectly in time with the music but it is believed the dog had a fake jaw . ofcom received 21 complaints over the talking dog , while itv received a further 35 . the rspca yesterday said it would be contacting britain ` to ascertain what methods were used ' in the performance .
claudetteia love , a senior and one of the top students at carroll high in monroe , louisiana , said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends . though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow love to wear a tuxedo , it was not acted on by school faculty . principal patrick taylor told love that the decision was dress-code related and that she should n't take it
noelle reno , socialite and former fiancee of businessman scot young , has broken her silence almost four months to the day since his death . in a move bound to spark further controversy she also labels his death a ` suicide ' , pre-empting any coroner 's verdict . the inquest was adjourned in december and no date has yet been set to re-open it .
people with rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder -lrb- rbd -rrb- move around in their sleep and ` act out ' their dreams . up to 90 per cent of people with the condition will develop a neurological condition , a study found . people with rbd describe having vivid dreams , and they act them out theatrically while asleep .
sarah owen , 21 , was attacked by her boyfriend preston wright , 23 , with a knife then turned the weapon on himself at a house in norman , oklahoma . eyewitnesses said that owen arrived at the house and was attempting to move her things out of a garage when the argument escalated . owen told them his brother and his brother 's girlfriend had been in a confrontation inside the home .
the raiders were foiled by a brave employee who barricaded the door to the premises , and they proceeded to flee on a motorbike . one of the raiders used a sledgehammer to smash through an internal wooden door and the other used a axe to smash security glass at uncle jewellers and pawn brokers .
myanmar 's newly-built capital city , naypyidaw , is shrouded in secrecy . since then , the government decided to move the capital from yangon . built mainly for government staff , locals only come to live in the city . despite a reported population of 924,000 , the city 's streets are barren .
sidonie , a well known band from catalonia , created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent ryanair flight to santiago de compostela in northern spain . in the video , the band 's lead singer strums a ukulele as the group serenades passengers on board . while en route to the band , the group grew impatient with the alleged ` lack of respect ' from flight attendants .
julie walters , 49 , has been jailed for two and a half years after she pretended to be a trusted official to dupe elderly victims out of cash . she was caught by police after she was spotted on cctv loitering in the communal hall of a retirement property near to the old trafford football ground . walters struck again on march 2 at the home of an 80-year-old man who lives at another retirement home .
the a-listers have tried-and-tested techniques when it comes to getting dressed . femail has pulled together the simple but effective celebrity-favoured styling tips you can employ to make the most of your figure . the fash-pack have long championed head-to-toe black , but they 're shaking it up for spring by injecting another colour into their wardrobes .
hundreds of tourists were evacuated from warwick castle after a flaming cannonball set alight to a medieval building . the thatched building , which overlooks the river avon within the castle grounds in warwickshire , was unoccupied when it became engulfed in fire . the big display ended in catastrophe when sparks from the fireball ignited the roof of a nearby boathouse .
air malta jet was tracked by flightradar24.com as it took off the island 's international airport . the jet took the happy couple 's family and friends on a short sight-seeing tour over the mediterranean . the arrivals ' board at malta international airport provided some clues as to the reason behind the unusual flight path .
todd phillips , 40 , was struck at full speed as he flags down one of his drivers during sunday 's inaugural indy grand prix of louisiana . as the dale coyne racing team chief mechanic is hit on the leg by the back end of the vehicle he flips forwards and performs a somersault before co-workers rush over to check he 's okay .
a recent surge in jellyfish numbers has moved tourism group stay in cornwall to reassure swimmers that the water is fine . we need not be discouraged by the sight of these brainless , boneless creatures that have been around for 500 million years . with the warmer months comes a surge in the number of jellyfish , such as this barrel variety at kynance cove , off the uk 's coastline .
puren was the youngest brother of the final qing monarch puyi . the 96-year-old died on friday after being taken to hospital with pneumonia . he had been suffering from poor health and memory loss in recent years . his abdication ended the rule of the qing dynasty , which began in 1644 .
the duchess of cambridge has revealed that prince george went looking for his father in the cupboards after being told he was ` in china ' . kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the goring hotel in london . at the party in march , kate wowed in a floral erdem dress and navy alexander mcqueen court shoes .
mikaela jane davidson was born april 4 , less than three months after her father , boston heart surgeon dr michael davidson , was shot dead by a deceased patient 's son . dr. terri halperin , a mother of fourth , said her late husband , was looking forward to the birth of this beautiful baby girl . the mother and baby were both doing well .
hamza parvez , 22 , still has n't found a wife and has been living with a group of unmarried fighters . known as abu hamza al-britani , the loveless british fighter recently moved back to the islamic state de-facto capital city of raqqa in syria . over six months since he travelled to syria , hamza 's friend abu mariya al-belgiki remains a frustrated bachelor .
around 1.3 billion chinese people marked the qingming festival , a three-day holiday in china , by watching parades and travelling home . a grand and colourful ceremony was held in honour of the ` yellow emperor ' huangdi in huangling county , shaanxi province . china celebrates the coming spring and the beauty of nature , says people 's daily online .
owen smith has expressed regret that the party can not ` get rid ' of the trident nuclear deterrent . around three quarters of labour candidates back scrapping trident , which preserves a round-the-clock protection at sea in case of a nuclear strike . but the party has committed to maintaining the deterrent , which will need to be replaced in the coming years .
labour has moved two points clear of the tories despite just one in three voters thinking ed miliband is ` capable ' . mr miliband 's party has jumped to 35 per cent , up one point from last month . labour 's growing lead ahead with just 21 days to go until polling day .
hbo has launched its hbo now channel on the apple tv set-top box , iphone and ipad ahead of the series premiere of hbo hit show game of thrones on april 12 . the service is available in the us for $ 14.99 -lrb- # 9.90 -rrb- a month , and will includes all past , present and future hbo programming . it comes as apple is believed to be preparing a new version of the tv box that
president barack obama made an unscheduled stop at the bob marley museum in jamaica last night . obama arrived in kingston yesterday evening and was met by prime minister portia simpson-miller and a dozen other dignitaries . the musician 's family transformed the rambling property into a museum complete with a well-equipped 80-seat theatre .
chrissy teigen showed off her stretch marks in an instagram post . the model hit back at critics who fat shamed her for an outfit she wore to a charity event alongside her husband carey hart . meanwhile , pink took to twitter to speak out against those who had commented on her weight .
the hmas choules has been employed by the navy to hand the vietnamese nationals back to their communist government . it is understood that the asylum seekers were intercepted earlier in april , and are being returned through the port of vung tau . the $ 100 million vessel has an average running cost of $ 201,621 each day .
liam dawe , 21 , was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old . he died at derriford hospital in plymouth , devon in march last year from ` intra-abdominal sepsis ' after developing cerebral palsy following the assault .
former virginia gov. bob mcdonnell fought back tears outside a federal court building after he was sentenced for selling the influence of his office to the ceo of a dietary supplements company . a three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on may 12 . ceo jonnie williams testified under an immunity deal , admitting that he paid the governor with lavish perks in exchange for helping him secure university backing for his ` miracle cure
anti-islam protests in australia against sharia law and halal tax turned violent . demonstrators clashed with anti-racism activists who burned the country 's flag . the protests came as companies seeking to label their foods halal - must pay fees to islamic organisations for inspection and certification .
misty dufrene , 3 , of raceland , louisiana , was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk . the old woman tried to chase after the boy , but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch . emergency workers on the scene spent almost an hour trying to resuscitate the boy to no avail .
kingens at windsor castle say they are expected to carry out extra duties . union chiefs claim workers earn as little as # 14,700 despite working ` country 's richest family ' . their main role includes meeting and greeting visitors . but the public and commercial services union said staff are also asked to perform extra duties for free .
police arrested 53 people as pro-cannabis protestors gathered to get high and call for the drug to be legalised in london 's hyde park . crowds met this afternoon as part of the annual ' 420 ' event - a global celebration of cannabis which calls for reform to drug laws .
more than half the members of a group of 28 industrialised nations reduced their aid budget between 2013 and 2014 . out of every # 100 spent by these western nations on overseas aid , no less than # 14 now comes from the uk . overall across these 28 countries aid budgets fell by 0.5 per cent in real terms .
the 40-year-old 's son cooper blue and daughter kingsley rainbow were born on monday via a surrogate , with dylan and her paul , 44 . a spokesperson for the couple added to the outlet that ` her parents , fashion icons ralph and ricky lauren , are overjoyed to welcome their first grandchildren and witness their daughter usher in the next generation ' .
tanguy pepiot , a steeplechase runner for the university of oregon , had a clear lead on his rival meron simon . but at a track meet saturday , a crowd of more than 3,000 people saw the distance evaporate . simon 's time , 8:57.86 , exceeded his personal record by around 15 seconds .
nearly 6,000 migrants were rescued in the mediterranean over the weekend . italy is the first port of call for migrants seeking new lives in europe . 160,000 made the journey last year , often on unseaworthy and overcrowded vessels . nine bodies were recovered after a boat carrying more than 150 people capsized off the coast of libya .
coachella is a verifiable hotbed of various viruses and bacterial infections , especially due to the widespread use of public restrooms . festival-goers actually run the risk of picking up illnesses like the flu , norovirus , salmonella , and even hepatitis a. sick concert could still be harboring germs .
google wallet says it has changed its policy when storing users ' funds as they will now be federally-insured . for those who use google wallet , their money just became safer with federal-level insurance . this is good news for people who place large amounts of money in their wallet balance because the federal deposit insurance corporation insures funds for banking institutions up to $ 250,000 .
foreign-born blacks made up just 3.1 per cent of the black population in 1980 , but accounted for 8.7 per cent in 2013 . the nearly 586,000 haitians -lrb- 16.5 per cent -rrb- will be comprised of immigrants by 2060 . most of the immigrants are from jamaica and haiti .
lawyers have warned that the differences in defamation law mean controversial us expose hbo 's ` going clear ' might not be broadcast by sky atlantic . the alex gibney-directed film alleges abusive practices at the religion 's us headquarters . but the fact that northern ireland is not subject to the 2013 defamation act means sky is set to postpone or cancel the show entirely .
the average annual income is # 59,600 - more than # 30,000 above the average gross annual salary . stoke-on-trent central had the lowest bills , at # 2,100 - eight times lower than those in esher . those living in the esher and walton parliamentary constituency have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year .
iraqi forensic teams have described how they wept as they excavate 12 graves believed to be the final resting place of as many as 1,700 soldiers killed in cold blood . deaths showed iraqis that islamic state fighters , who have also attacked ethnic and religious minorities as well as fellow sunni muslims .
jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago . he is just under $ 4,000 away from achieving his $ 80,000 target . friends of jackson thanked the thousands of people who have made donations to the page . he was rushed to the gold coast for a biopsy which found a tumour buried deep in the teenager 's brain .
afzal khan is accused of conning customers and financial firms at a motor dealership he ran in the us . federal agents hunting the 32-year-old fear he may have fled the country and have offered a $ 20,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . khan , originally from edinburgh , opened the emporio motor group in 2013 .
nicolas diaz , 81 , allegedly stabbed to death his granddaughter 's ex-boyfriend , kevin rivera , 21 , before fleeing the scene in brooklyn , new york . the couple , who have a baby daughter , had just returned to the apartment after celebrating the infant 's first birthday . diaz wanted to break up the fight , relatives said .
girl 's mother has blasted school authorities after officials refused to remove boy from her daughter 's class . she says she has now been forced to move her daughter to a new school . the girl 's parents are also asking for a change to the law after police said they were powerless to act because the age of criminal responsibility in england is ten .
eight judges of the european court of human rights found that russia was justified in deporting a 45-year-old man for breaking immigration laws . robert muradeli had never committed a crime or any other offence more serious than traffic violations . strasbourg court said that the russian authorities had not breached any human rights rules when they deported him in 2011 .
jennie anne kehlet , 49 , and raymond keith , 47 , were last seen on march 22 in an area called table top near the gold prospecting and mining town of sandstone . the couple are understood to be amateur prospectors and had set up a well-stocked campsite about 30km south of perth . police are focusing on a search area of 10 square kilometres , however a search aircraft with forward looking infrared equipment has examined an area of 625 square kilometres
timothy norris-jones , 59 , left her with bruises on her face and a cut on her right wrist that needed stitches . he told police the injuries were caused when she fell and said he had accidentally ` caught her face ' when he went to catch her in november last year . he was handed a restraining order banning him from spending any time alone with his mother for the rest of her life .
raheem sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide . drugs charity re-solv has called on the ` role model ' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health . sterling is not the first player to have been accused of using the drug .
south carolina state trooper sean groubert , 31 , opened fire on levar jones , who was unarmed and had his back to the officer . mr jones was confronted by a police officer opening fire at him as he followed instructions to produce his driver 's license and was hit in the stomach . the victim said the shooting has led to serious psychological problems which had left him unable to work since .
kim copeland , 52 , was walking home from local sainsbury 's store in coventry . she threw the used cigarette on the ground - before two council officers came ` sprinting ' towards her to say she had committed a criminal offence . miss copeland was then issued with a # 50 fixed penalty notice following the incident in october last year . she eventually received a letter ordering her to appear at nuneaton magistrates ' court on march 17 .
new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ` spice ' is sweeping the city . over 120 people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week . the cannabinoid , also commonly called ` k2 ' or ` mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri .
annabel karmel has shred her tips on how to make children love eating vegetables . it 's easy to become locked in a battle of wills when it comes to dishing up healthy , nutritious food . day out , i persisted with new healthy foods , new recipes and creative ways to hide the good bits my son did n't like .
alison saunders looked fragile as she faced growing calls to stand down . campaigners , police chiefs and mps accused her of ignoring rights . even her one of her predecessors said the horrific allegations should have been resolved in the ` full public glare of a courtroom ' . row showed no sign of abating as further details of the claims levelled against the 86-year-old labour life peer were made public .
reports claim google is the latest firm to set up a team dedicated to boosting how long our phones , tablets and even electric cars can run for . sources told the wall street journal that the four-man team spends its days devising and testing different technologies from the flexible to the wearable . google has been working on similar projects since 2012 when former apple battery expert dr ramesh bhardwaj began leading a testing team .
culture and media secretary sajid javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography . he promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the uk as well as abroad . if porn websites fail to comply , they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties .
comedian russell brand has appealed to this fans to sign up to the mercy campaign to save condemned bali nine duo from facing death row . in true non-nonsense style , brand lables andrew chan and myuran sukumaran 's efforts to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of indonesia as ` daft ' . while the pair await their fate on what is infamously dubbed as ` execution island ' in java , brand posted that the austral
oxford university women 's rowing team beat cambridge to win . they finished six-and-a-half lengths and 19 seconds ahead . oxford took the lead within the first few minutes and never looked like losing it . team captain anastasia chitty said it had been ` humbling ' to win on the same course as the men .
brittany cherokee dawn bell of bartlesville , oklahoma , was charged with child neglect and had her twins taken into care . the charge of child neglect was pursued by authorities over homicide as the medical examiner 's office could not determine the cause of death . bell said that the baby might have been smothered by her 18-month-old twins out of jealousy after she had fallen asleep while watching a movie with them .
canadian and canadian scientists asked nearly 100 men and women to fill in a questionnaire every time they spent at least five minutes talking to someone else . they also believed that the person they were with was warmer and more likeable . chewing raises levels of the ` feel-good ' brain chemical serotonin .
lib dem danny alexander could be given a peerage in a bid to keep him in his treasury post in a second coalition . he would be one of the highest-profile casualties of the snp surge which is set to take the seats of many of scotland 40 labour and 11 lib dem mps on may 7 .
francis pusok , 30 , is seen falling off the horse he was suspected of stealing . he was pursued several miles by the san bernardino county officers . seconds later , two deputies catch up to pusok and stun him with their tasers . they then stun him , and again , as lies splayed face-down on the ground . one clearly draws back his leg and swings it at pusok 's head .
the louisville track hosting the 141st running of the kentucky derby on may 2 has banned the pole-like contraptions that grasp cellphones . prominent museums including the smithsonian and the national gallery of art in washington prohibit their use . selfie sticks is a safety measure to protect the horses and the massive crowd on derby day .
catalina viejo , 31 , is based in new york . paints miniature pictures from candid paparazzi shots . has worked her magic on stars including kim kardashian , katy perry , miley cyrus , rihanna and beyoncé .
robert de niro said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ` no surprises ' . the goodfellas star said she had paid her dues , adding : ` it 's that simple . and she 's a woman , which is very important because her take on things may be what we need right now ' .
neil gilbert , 42 , made up to # 60,000 a week selling unlicensed and counterfeit drugs to unsuspecting customers . the northern branch was led by thailand-based stephen laverick , but his ex-wife was in charge of day-to-day operations in the uk .
elena udrea , 41 , was investigated over claims during her time as tourism minister that she had accepted bribes worth an estimated # 1.3 million . she was indicted along with seven other people , including the country 's former economy minister ion ariton , who was charged with abuse of power .
face wipes have been part of our beauty regime for years . but there are a new range of wipes now that promise to not only remove eyeliner and mascara , but also retexturise and brighten skin . infused with exfoliating glycolic and fruit acids , as well as skin-soothers such as mango extract and liquorice , these new pads are beauty game-changers .
abdul hadi arwani was killed by a hitman who climbed into the back of his car . the 48-year-old was lured to an upmarket street in london on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work . when the imam arrived , the killer got into the rear seat of his volkswagen passat and shot him several times .
britt mchenry , 28 , had her car towed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia , and the verbal attack was captured on a security camera . she was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant , however continued to insult the woman 's looks , education and job on-camera .
secret security operation was launched to protect prince charles from attack . but behind the scenes , prime minister harold wilson was convinced terrorists campaigning for welsh independence would target charles . the targets of the operation were members of the nationalist groups movement for the defence of wales and the free wales army -lrb- fwa -rrb- .
ross thomson , a scottish conservative councillor , posted images of the graffiti on twitter just before lunch . he said the party was ` really upset ' and said it just wanted people to engage in democratic debate . reports suggest labour offices around half a mile away were also targeted by vandals with a white ` q ' added to its black door .
the suspect , who has n't been named , was quickly apprehended but not before he had driven the best part of a mile . birmingham officers responded to a phone call about a burglary in progress on the 300 block of memphis street in wylam around 8:45 a.m. on sunday . the suspect was put in handcuffs with his hands behind his back and placed him in the back of a police cruiser .
researchers have for the first time been able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element . the rare metal sits at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides , which sit in a separate block from the main table .
the maps were designed by london-based the eco experts using the world bank 's world development indicator for deforestation and biodiversity figures . indonesia sits at the top of the list because deforestation in the region is leaving many species at risk , including orangutans and critically endangered sumatran tigers and rhinos .
richardson coleman , 29 , turned herself in to police saturday morning and awaits two charges of attempted murder . beatrice ` dee ' spence , 24 , and her uncle , 37-year-old damon watson , who was standing alongside his niece , left the kitchen in a rush to help her daughter .
in new york , for instance , there 's a tendency to use the word ` so ' for drama . some people in san jose think nothing of saying ` did n't nobody help him ' . florida residents can be heard using the phrase , ' i ai n't never had no trouble with none of 'em - virginia .
ryan skivington took the pets , called ant and dec , out of their cage . the 26-year-old lightweight admitted criminal damage to the guinea pigs . he also admitted assaulting his former partner bobbi jo houston . the lightweight appeared at blackpool magistrates court today . he today admitted assaulting the girl 's former partner .
monsour alshammari , 27 , is in the u.s. on a saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country 's royal family . he was arrested on friday at the border near san diego . he is set to be extradited back to utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in february .
amanda butler , 42 , had enjoyed a totally normal pregnancy until her waters broke at 25 weeks . her son callum was born weighing just 1lb 9oz and with translucent skin . in the weeks and months that followed , he underwent heart surgery , a lumbar puncture , laser eye surgery and 10 blood transfusions . bv affects one in three women , making it twice as common as thrush .
madonna 's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan . the pop legend shared a picture of her new luggage with her fans on instagram on sunday . she followed by dice , gun and love heart emoticons , plus the hash tag #rebelheart .
rupert brooke 's poem the soldier made him famous outside of literary circles . when newspapers reprinted the soldier the following day , he became properly famous for the rest of his life -- which lasted just over a fortnight . brooke was 27 from blood poisoning en route to gallipoli duly cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice .
the map above shows the average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometre from 1995 to 2013 . areas with the fewest number of flashes each year are grey and purple ; areas with least are bright pink . according to the satellite observations , lightning occurs more often over land than it does over oceans .
the two-storey property is a striking queenslander , aptly painted a sunny yellow with forest green features and weatherboard panelling . the house was snatched up by applied economics professor uwe dulleck , who already owns a home in the area with his wife monica . there is no doubt the home belonged to kevin rudd , as it features a kangaroo and emu emblem in pride of place on the veranda 's lattice .
sarah hulbert , of auburn , wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at bates college . the 59-year-old worked for bates president a. clayton spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012 .
the mail on sunday was voted sunday newspaper of the year for a third year in a row . ben ellery 's report revealed the truth about ed miliband 's feminist t-shirts earned a scoop of the nomination . other brilliant stories last year included the investigation that caused fiona woolf to quit as chairman of the historic child abuse inquiry .
kim rose , 57 , is standing in a key marginal seat in southampton itchen . he was questioned over allegations of bribing voters with sausage rolls . mr rose , a jeweller , was questioned at romsey police station , hampshire . he has now criticised the ` absolutely ridiculous ' police investigation .
police in maryland are hunting for a ` heartless ' thief who stole a four-year-old boy 's wheelchair in the middle of the night . the youngster 's mother left the buggy in the lobby of their building on merrimac drive , langley park , as usual on sunday evening . when she went to retrieve the stroller the following morning , it had reportedly disappeared .
cathleen hackney allegedly told two different funeral directors there were no objections . as a result no-one attended the early morning cremation of paul moreland . hackney , 56 , is said to have deliberately ` pressed ahead ' with her plans . despite knowing her ex , paul barber , would have objected .
trinity culley , from fingringhoe , essex , used the knowledge she gained from watching the baby-birthing programme which she secretly viewed in her bedroom . when her mother dee culley 's waters broke two weeks ahead of schedule , she sprang into action . within minutes she had helped deliver her baby sister , jasmin elizabeth-rose , who arrived in the family 's front room weighing 7lb 1oz .
the caribbean island , north-east of cuba , was named the best island in the world by tripadvisor users . providenciales , which is home to about 20,000 people , consistently ranks as one of the world 's best islands or beach destinations . with golden beaches and rugged mountains , maui , the second largest island in hawaii , named the world .
khloe , 30 , has been showcasing blonder locks , a flawless face and honed physique in recent weeks . she recently revealed she 's lost 13 pounds in three months thanks to her grueling exercise regime . khloe has been showing off her workouts in a series of recent instagram posts .
images captured by the dawn probe from 28,000 miles -lrb- 45,000 km -rrb- away . part of the first colour map of ceres , showing variations in surface materials , and revealing the diverse processes that helped shape it . latest images are the closest taken yet , and suggest that the icy body was likely once fully active .
alexandra allen , 17 , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria . it is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world . showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation .
warning : graphic content . three afghan prisoners accused of murder waited for their deaths at the hands of merciless taliban fighters . in disturbing images taken at the execution site , the three men are sat with their backs turned away from the gunmen . they then left the prisoners ' lifeless bodies languishing among the crowd .
mother and ten ducklings waddled into an office in sutton coldfield , west midlands , and drank from the water bowl . they ushered the family of ducks out of a back door to safety and they then disappeared into a nearby park . resourcer melissa patrick , 18 , said it had the whole office in stitches .
jason mcdonald , 34 , from aurora , colorado , walked the thin slackline rope over a pool containing more than 50 hungry alligators . the crematory manager has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes . mr mcdonald said that while his parents have reservations about his daring antics , he has plans to take his hobby further .
h5n1 virus caused deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry after it spread from asia into europe and africa in 2005-2006 . veterinary staff from the local government 's animal husbandry department carried out the cull - which included destroying hundreds of thousands of infected eggs .
tony hatch and jackie trent were dubbed ` mr and mrs music ' after composing for artists including frank sinatra , dean martin , scott walker , shirley bassey and petula clark . so when trent died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer , hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye . the mail on sunday can reveal that hatch was banned from the funeral by trent 's second husband , col
farryn johnson has claimed a supervisor at the hooters where she worked had an issue with her getting blonde highlights . johnson claimed in an interview with wbal , ' i decided to put highlights in my hair , blonde in particular ' . she is now set to receive thousands of dollars from an arbitration ruling .
the bouvier 's red colobus monkey was first discovered in 1887 . it has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet . researchers now hope to study the monkey in an attempt to learn more about it .
scientists in china have introduced dna changes to reproductive cells . they say that even embryos created in this way for research purposes only could have serious ethical and safety implications . others argue that the technology could also be used to rid families of devastating inherited diseases like cystic fibrosis or certain cancers .
iphone users on ee will find their calls and texts automatically connect through the internet when they have no service signal . the technology paves the way for london 's commuters to chat and text inside the capital 's 150 tube stations where wi-fi connections are currently available . the telecoms firm also confirmed that the new samsung galaxy s6 and s6 edge will also have the feature on the ee network when it goes on sale this friday .
jessica kensky and patrick downes have joined the appeals calling for dzhokar tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison rather than death . the couple 's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy . tsaernaev guilty on all 30 counts related to the april 15 , 2013 , attack .
ruben costa , 35 , pleaded guilty to impersonating a member of the police force , but was only handed a two-month suspended sentence . the incident occurred when the northern territory man returned home from work to find his wife had left him , taking their son and possessions . the father pretended to be a police officer investigating a crime over the phone , claiming he needed the assistance of taxi drivers in the area .
officer jared forsyth , 33 , had been a member of the ocala police department since 2012 . he was wearing his bulletproof vest , but the round entered in his arm and went through his chest , police said . he later died from his injuries , according to police chief greg graham .
actress avril lavigne , 30 , was diagnosed with lyme disease in april . she was bedridden for five months because she was trying to recover from the disease . the singer told abc news on thursday that she had a hard time getting diagnosed for lyme . she said : ' i had no idea a bug bite could do this ' .
the newly-opened parisian hotel , maison souquet , may just be the more provocative hotel in the entire city of lights . there are three categories of rooms in the hotel : deluxe , junior suites and two stunning apartments . the plush velvet and gold-accented interiors , designed by jacques garcia , are not to be missed .
aldi has lifted its market share from 4.6 per cent to 5.3 per cent in the past three months . waitrose has 5.1 per cent of the market , up from 5 per cent , according to kantar worldpanel . aldi sales grew by 17 per cent from january and the end of march .
chrissy teigen posted a picture of her stretch marks to instagram . the 29-year-old is seen cross-legged after an all-day cooking session . hundreds of other women have rushed to join the wife of john legend . chrissy 's image has given a major boost to the campaign .
health bosses are considering raising the legal age for buying alcohol to 21 to tackle binge drinking . move would apply in pubs , clubs , supermarkets and off-licences in scotland . the move would mean the legal minimum age for alcohol would be higher in britain , where it is 18 .
gabrielle yinka saunders , 32 , used company credit cards to pay for her wedding . she was arrested at heathrow when she returned from the honeymoon . now she has been spared jail even though a court heard that she had been convicted of fraud twice previously . saunders stole # 17,000 from her previous employer pricewaterhousecoopers .
natalia moon learned filipino language tagalog to score a role on sitcom ismol family . the 23-year-old moved to the philippines in 2012 after struggling to find work as an actress in australia . the aussie , born natalie stewart , has taken to the role with lavish , overcoming the added challenge of performing in a new language .
princess eugenie , 25 , looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of new york with a friend . the british royal , who lives three and a half thousand miles away from her family in the uk , celebrated her 25th birthday . her father , prince andrew , whipped out his ipad and used it to video call his daughter , who currently lives in manhattan .
students at melbourne high school st peter 's college were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year . the bubbler had been dispensing water for 16 months -- from december 17 2013 until april 1 2015 . unfortunately for students , ` class a ' recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that 's safe for watering gardens , washing clothes and flushing toilets .
michelle manhart , 38 , was handcuffed by police at valdosta state university , georgia , and driven off in a patrol car after grabbing the stars and stripes . video footage of the event shows manhart struggling with officers , who force her to the ground after she refuses to let the flag go . manhart says the flag belongs to ` the entire united states ' .
lawyers hired by narcocon have argued that trout run , a property in frederick county , maryland , has historic significance because president herbert hoover once caught a fish at the site . opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous .
the two-storey fantasy café is one of the first establishments in china to start charging an ` air-purifying fee ' on top of normal bills . the label is put on every table to alert customers about the surcharge which costs 11p per person . many say they are happy to pay extra for breathing healthier air while enjoying coffee and meals .
lib dem leader promised to ` spread the burden ' of deficit reduction . but he scaled back his plans for a mansion tax , amid concern it could cost the party support in key seats in affluent parts of london . mr clegg set out plans for # 5billion in new tax rises , # 12 billion in public spending reductions and a # 3 billion cut from welfare .
marc macrae , who was election agent for the snp 's westminster leader angus robertson , said the party showed compassion for the lockerbie bomber but ostracised him . mr macrahi , who killed 270 people in december 1988 by blowing up pan am flight 103 , was diagnosed with prostate cancer . but while the libyan terrorist was flown home to spend his final years with his family , he said he was cruelly ditched .
kingston road in stockton is the backdrop for the latest series of the channel 4 documentary which divided opinion with its debut in birmingham 's james turner street . the programme follows the lives of a handful of benefits claimants and last year split public opinion with many accusing producers of promoting ` poverty tourism ' .
robert kirkland , who founded the home decor stores with his cousin carl in 1966 , died on saturday morning in union city , tennessee . he donated the money to found the discovery park of america education center and tourist attraction in 35 states . a memorial service is scheduled for wednesday at discovery park , which will be closed to the general public on that day .
tabitha anne bennett allegedly shouted at her daughter to take swings at the older girl in new port richey , florida . bennett , who is unemployed , was arrested and charged with child abuse , assault and battery offenses . she claimed that the 14-year-old girl had been bullying her daughter .
the mountain bike athletes were captured taking huge leaps as the sun went down over portland rock , an island off the coast of weymouth , dorset . photographer jack davies said : ` it was incredibly dangerous , the sea was 10 metres below andrei , crashing against jagged rocks ' .
robyn exton is the founder of dattch -lrb- her -rrb- a lesbian dating app . the 28-year-old came out to her friends and family as bisexual in her 20s . but she struggled to meet someone so ever determined . she said she decided to create her own app when the ones that were available were n't up to the job .
the louisiana state university students were found with nearly 2,000 beers , ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine on the i-10 in mobile county . harrison coogan , and hunter coker , both 18 , and 19-year-olds carson buckner and brandon barber , 19 , told sheriff 's deputies they were heading to spring break celebrations .
mikenzy snell and matt pliska , who has down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ` real friends do n't count chromosomes ' . the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement on its facebook page on march 30 . more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget .
jenna louise driscoll was leaving a brisbane 's city watch house after fronting the court for failing to appear on april 7 . the 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him . she was arrested on friday afternoon after she turned up at stafford police station to fulfill her regular bail conditions .
melbourne man 's father , dada jama , confirmed his death to sbs radio . he said he had spoken with the family on wednesday who told him sharky had died after being shot . sharky was a model-turned-jihadist who was managed by frm management .
marie csaszar , 45 , died last september following a ten-year battle with a brain tumour . she had worked for seven years at the bbc 's financial centre in cardiff as a contracts manager . according to her husband paul , she was forced out of the post into another job after drawing attention to management blunders .
glenn ford , 65 , spent more than 30 years on death row for a murder he did n't commit . he was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer shortly after being freed from prison last year . ford responded , without looking up . ` but it still cost me 31 years of my life and then nothing at the end but death because they give me from six to eight months to live ' .
social media platforms have exploded with bright yellow tributes and pictures of wedding dresses as friends , family and complete strangers mourn the death of bride-to-be stephanie scott . the 26-year-old went missing just days before she was due to marry her fiancé and partner of five years . the leeton high school teacher 's loved ones gathered for a memorial picnic on saturday , the day they had planned to watch her walk down the aisle to marry aaron leeson-
iceland has become an increasingly popular filming location with its majestic vistas being prominently featured in many hit tv series or hollywood blockbusters . the country 's many stunning waterfalls and breathtaking glaciers translate beautifully to the silver screen . fans will likely recognise the national park as the setting of the battle of the hound and brienne .
labour candidate tulip siddiq accused of failing to tell voters she met vladimir putin in moscow two years ago when a controversial billion-dollar arms deal was signed . tories last night accused her of trying to conceal her extraordinary links to putin and sheikh hasina .
paul harris was arrested last july on suspicion of perverting the course of justice . the 47-year-old man had been released from his bail conditions after he provided information to detectives which has progressed the investigation . miss lawrence , who was 35 when she disappeared , was last seen on march 18 , 2009 .
rona fairhead is facing calls to step down immediately as a director of hsbc . two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her . last month she was criticised by mps as ` incredibly naïve or totally incompetent ' for her failure to pick up on the scandal .
julian assange has added insult to injury for sony pictures after his website wikileaks put hundreds of thousands of emails and documents from last year 's cyberattack . assange and wikileaks issued a statement on thursday saying that the data has a public interest . they also reveal health concerns about their children and sadness over dying parents .
paul allen , the microsoft co-founder this week unveiled ` vulcan aerospace ' , which will look after the space programs of stratolaunch systems . this includes an ambitious project to launch spacecraft and probes into orbit from of a huge carrier aircraft with a wingspan of 385ft -lrb- 117 metres -rrb- . the plane will climb to 30,000 feet and launch a rocket at high altitude , avoiding the huge fuel costs of launching from earth .
chris sussman , executive editor for comedy , revealed jokes have to go through ` quite a lot of layers ' to be approved . some jokes even have to be looked over by director general lord hall , an editor at the company claimed . it is because the corporation is extra-wary about causing offence .
grant allen , 38 , of harlow , essex , travelled round the world with his girlfriend gaynor godwin and bought a holiday home on the costa del sol , spain . the pair stayed at top hotels on at least eight holidays costing # 30,000 between 2006 and 2010 , including a trip to dubai , united arab emirates , in 2009 worth # 7,600 . allen also splurged # 8,700 on a holiday to florida
jason cotterill plagued his victim with messages over the internet . the 42-year-old threatened to post a sex video on the mother 's facebook page . the terrified woman said her life became a living ` hell ' when he sent an explicit photo of her to her own daughter .
daisy , 26 , is the ultimate rock chick as she rocks leather and heavy eye make-up in her new beauty shoot for rodial . the model was chosen by the brand last year thanks to her ` modern , cool and quintessentially british edge ' . daisy says the top tip she 's picked up is using concealer around her nose to even the skin tone .
mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people , and has been the site of a fatal house fire , stabbings , brawls , and continual violence . ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park , which lies just ten kilometres from the region 's famous glitter strip , under police protection . senior sergeant mark anderson said that officers considered that caravan park ` safe ' before midday , but that ` once residents start on the drugs or alcohol , the situation deteriorates '
the todd family - a 36-year-old father and his seven children aged six to 15 - were tragically killed as they slept in their princess anne home . father rodney todd was raising the children after divorcing their mother in november . the six-hour funeral service brought 1,200 people to the ella fitzgerald auditorium at the university of maryland eastern shore on saturday .
princess beatrice has been seen at the bahrain grand prix , her fourth holiday in a month . the 26-year-old was in the gulf state , ruled by a controversial king . it is thought legendary formula 1 racing driver sir jackie stewart and comedian rory bremner were also among those in the tower enjoying the spectacular view .
the coventry-based company fanuc cr-35ia claims to be the first ` heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot ' to work with humans without the need for safety fences . the robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs -lrb- 35kg -rrb- and could be used in a number of industries , from warehouses to production lines .
lisa erspamer 's third collection of tributes , celebrities such as melissa rivers , shania twain , will.i.am , christy turlington burns , and kristin chenoweth all composed messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them .
former justice court judge craig storey violated her right to equal protection . the jury found storey liable for some $ 240,000 of the damages and the county liable for the rest . storey wrote in 2007 , ` i 'd love to harvest your sweet grapes ' and called eisenhour the ` most gorgeous thing alive ' .
victorino chua wrote what he called a ` bitter nurse confession ' in which he spelled out ` how an angel can turn to an evil person ' . in 13 pages of rambling , broken handwritten english , the filipino nurse said : ` if i will be pushed , they gon na be sorry ' . his lawyers say the document is not a criminal confession but an ` outlet for his anger and frustration ' written at the suggestion of a counsellor 12 months before the first alleged poisoning
indianara carvalho , 23 , had hymen surgery last year to ` restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time all over again with ` someone special ' . the image , just one of a series of nude shots she shared over the easter weekend , attracted more than 750 ` likes ' .
lee thompson is an award-winning photojournalist covering the civil war in libya , the revolution in egypt , the tsunami in japan and other extensive travels . on one of his company 's vietnam & cambodia tours with a group of nine this month he was compelled to capture some of the finest .
claudia martins , 33 , wept as she walked free after a judge accepted she had a ` momentary abnormality of mental functioning ' . she was suffering from a condition known as a ` pathological denial of pregnancy ' which continued after giving birth to a baby girl . until that point she had managed to keep her pregnancy secret from her family and gave birth to the child in the bath before killing her .
gloria ross , 84 , spent 30 years in the national health service as a nurse . she was found with a distorted face when she was visited by her grandson . but when he asked nurses at whipps cross hospital , north east london , for help , they said mrs ross was ` just tired ' and told him the senior nurse was ` on a break ' .
the winning punter , who comes from mittagong in southern new south wales , discovered his good fortune on tuesday evening . the man , who chose not to be named , said he and his wife had been ` struggling ' before the win and that they are over the moon with the result .
earl olander , 90 , was found beaten to death in his own home . police have offered a $ 1,000 reward for any information which could lead to an arrest . neighbors have spoken of him as a ` stand-up person ' and a wonderful role model . mr oiander was a lifelong bachelor and many locals marveled at his ability to work his 160 acre farm despite his age .
kabul-based woman was only 16-years-old when she fell pregnant with the child of her depraved attacker asadullah . even though a rape led to her pregnancy , gulnaz 's brothers insisted she would not be allowed to return to her ` shamed ' family as she was unmarried . now she is pregnant with his third child but insists she only agreed to marry her rapist so that her first daughter could live a shame-free life in the afghan capital 's `
three vandals went on a rampage at la marina auto sales in dearborn heights , michigan , after the easter break . owner freddy ali discovered the carnage when he returned to work . he is now offering a $ 1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the vandals .
kurt ludwigsen , 43 , is accused of kissing , harassing and touching 13 of his players during his time at nyack college . he is facing 44 counts of forcible touching of another 's sexual parts , 49 counts of harassment involving unwanted physical contact and one count of sexual abuse .
vijaya gadde said the social network had let internet abuse go ` unchecked ' . she made the announcement on the day a study found that 88 per cent of abusive behaviour on social media happens on twitter . she said running twitter required constant vigilance but that the company had ` failed to live up to ' this aim .
the canberra based department of foreign affairs and trade workers were given an ` announcement ' on a big tv screen that their workplace was being closed and moved to melbourne . the message was displayed for five hours before one of the centre 's supervisors told workers that it was an april fools ' day prank .
annette edwards holds her world record continental giant rabbit darius aloft . five-year-old darius is 4ft long and weighs just under 3st . with a rabbit 's peak weight and length kicking in at the age of two , jeff has got some way to go .
paul devillier , 56 , is accused of opening fire on cpl. burt hazeltine , 36 , as he was directing traffic in a school zone in suburban new orleans . the ambush took place on us 90 near louisiana street in the town of paradis , just west of new orland , when he was gunned down . a male suspect , later identified as former transportation safety administration worker 56-year-old paul devsay , was arrested a short time later
fiona cullum , 25 , provided a safe haven for hassan hussain as he and fellow murderer yassin james , 20 , were hunted by police for gunning down sabrina moss . miss moss ' friend sabrina gachette , then 24 , was lucky to survive after being blasted in the back with a sawn-off shotgun . the men sprayed bullets at mother-of-one miss moss and her friends as they took cover from the rain outside a bar . cull
megan huntsman , 40 , is facing life in prison after pleading guilty to killing the six newborns , then stashing their bodies in the garage of her home in pleasant grove , utah . a judge today handed huntsman six sentences of five years to life . but family members rallied round her even as her ` cold and calculated ' crimes were recounted to the court .
zeus , a german shepherd , was honored in a grand procession in connecticut on wednesday before he was put down because of a severe degenerative hip disorder and declining health . the tribute for the police dog , who worked with the ridgefield police department for eight years as a k-9 officer , began around 4.45 pm . zeus , who served eight years in the force , took his last ride in a cop patrol car during the grand procession held earlier this week .
prince charles has led tributes to the girl dubbed the ' 100-year-old teenager ' . there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk - it causes people to age eight times faster than the usual rate . in a letter to hayley okines 's grieving parents charles described her as ` an inspiration to millions ' .
the tuning fork facial was offered at the upmarket hale clinic in london and other clinics nationwide . the treatment comes from the u.s. - where else ? advocates claim the ` sound waves of the forks vibrate and travel deeply into the body along energy pathways , affecting human physiology and reaching places not easily accessed ' .
shadow chancellor said he would not make ` unfunded and uncosted commitments ' . comes after david cameron pledged to give the nhs whatever it needed . but mr balls insisted the party could be trusted to give health service what it needed - but asked if he would give the # 8billion a year budget boost .
the two planes begin their descent simultaneously at san francisco international airport . in astonishing video captured by a passenger on one of the planes , both aircrafts ' wheels touch the tarmac at the same time . the two planes come through the clouds to begin their similar descent to the ground . other airports such as atlanta and sydney have similar runway configurations and operations .
godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say . the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment . mr elfwick 's twitter bio states that he is a ` demisexual genderqueen muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme .
annegret raunigk , 65 , will create medical history when she becomes the oldest mother of four in a single birth in the world . her latest pregnancy was the result of artificial insemination using both donated sperm and eggs . her gynaecologist initially mentioned the possibility of a ` selective reduction ' where one or more fetuses is aborted in a multi-fetal pregnancy , but she declined .
a pest control company has copped a spray after making the ` tasteless decision ' to link its product to the tragic murder of school teacher stephanie scott . the post was quickly attacked by people who dubbed it insensitive . a spokeswoman for mortein told daily mail australia the post has since been removed .
matt stopera misplaced his cellphone in new york city and the only clue that gave a whereabouts to its located was when some unusual photos of orange trees and fireworks started appearing on his photostream . mr stopera said he asked himself , ` who is this man , and why are his pictures showing up in my phone ? ' .
a stunning fireball that crackled across the sky near the russian-finnish border last year shared its orbit with a huge asteroid found in october . researchers used camera footage to help recreate its trajectory and hunt down any remaining fragments . they determined the fireball 's path by studying its flight and the meteorite 's final impact site , before creating a computer model based on those figures .
los angeles-based hyperkin has designed a case that adds the iconic directional arrows , plus the a and b buttons from the nintendo game boy to an iphone . it was originally an april fool 's joke , but the popularity and demand for a real product was so high the company has announced plans to sell a consumer version .
davion navar henry only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . he has finally found a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker . davion has been spending weekends with connie and her daughters , sydney , 21 , carley , 17 , and her adopted son taylor , 14 .
malijah grant , 1 , was shot in the head thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala at an intersection in kent , washington . her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside , and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off . two male suspects are now being sought by police .
the unidentified woman from greenpoint , brooklyn , was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage . she climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet . at about 2pm the woman agreed to be rescued and new york police department officers pulled her to safety over the railing .
deputy pm said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal . clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against the ` ideological gimmicks ' of michael gove , who was the first tory education secretary when the coalition was formed in 2010 .
kelly nash , 25 , was last seen alive january 5 when he woke up coughing and sneezing , and told his girlfriend , jessica sexton , he was not feeling well . by the time sexton got up at 7.30 am , the man was gone . he left the house without his wallet , id card or the keys to his truck . nash was found drowned in a lake a month later .
photographer brandon stanton shared the image of a ny resident whose name is beyoncé . the photo was accompanied by a statement from her describing the inconvenience of sharing a celebrity name . beyonce says : ` sometimes i hate my name because it always draws attention to me , and i 'm not a very social person ' .
aftakov naumi 's fascinating photographs include a man lying in a grave to prolong life , a chicken being walked on a piece of string and men tying a rope to a bride and dancing around her . he admitted that some of the rituals , when viewed with the eyes of an outsider , ` look strange ' .
white house said today that bernard would depart after a state dinner next month held in honor of the japanese prime minister . the first lady said in a statement she was ` lucky to have such a talented individual on my team ' . obama spoke highly of his time on staff , however , saying it 's been an ` honor ' to serve the obamas .
childlessness rates have reached record highs for both teenagers and women in their twenties , the u.s. census bureau has revealed . 95.9 percent of women 15 to 19 years old were childless in 2014 , according to the findings . in 2012 , 71.4 percent did not have children .
chris roberts , who works for security intelligence company one world labs , was yanked off his plane after it landed in syracuse , new york , on wednesday night . two fbi agents and two uniformed officers confiscated his laptop and thumb drives , fox news reported . he was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems .
cle ` bone ' sloan , 45 , was crushed beneath the wheels of knight 's pickup truck outside a burger stand in january , leaving him with two fractured ankles and wounds on to his head . he claimed from the witness stand of the los angeles superior court on monday that he does not remember the specifics of the confrontation . knight is accused of murdering terry carter , 55 , and trying to murder sloan . but claims he was ambushed and ran the men down in an
women routinely ask for # 4,000 less for a typical job , it is claimed . but this widens to up to # 10,000 in more senior industries . women ask for almost a fifth less than men , rising to nearly a third . men asked for # 23,800 in accountancy , 22 per cent less in the energy sector .
stephen dodd tweeted picture of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying . he said : ` muslims praying at half-time at the match yesterday #disgrace ' . mr dodd tried to defend himself by saying he was a long-standing fan of liverpool .
jean-marie le pen angered his daughter when he said nazi gas chambers were ' a detail of history ' . she was particularly angry that mr le pen , a convicted racist and anti-semite , called the nazis ' a crazy idea ' . he also said that france 's spanish-born socialist prime minister was an ` immigrant ' and so unfit to run the country .
tessa cunningham puts a host of our favourite foods to the frozen test ... cakes . if you think nothing beats the gooey deliciousness of a home-made cake fresh from the oven , think again . resist the temptation to cut that first slice straight away and put your cake into the freezer .
an exotic sandy beach or beneath the eiffel tower in hawaii , one bride-to-be was taken by surprise . one parisian proposal was captured by the groom 's brother across the valley . another high-altitude proposal , this one in norway , was captured in the valley , known as stairway to heaven .
timothy eli thompson was born without a nose in march in alabama . a pro-life group posted an ad about the infant 's story have since been reinstated . little eli was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . facebook reversed its decision after public protest and admitted it made a mistake .
heather kelso , who was sharing a room with the youngster 's mother , was also killed while a neighbor visiting at the time was shot in the abdomen . just two weeks on from the horrific incident , the kitsap sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page . it depicts kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as uncle sam .
curiosity is currently 18 miles above mercury after nasa engineers used the last of its fuel in a last ditch effort to push the spacecraft higher into orbit . among the images sent back by messenger as its mission draws to an end is this picture of 2km high cliffs cutting through the carnegie crater . but as messenger drops ever closer to mercury 's surface , it is sending back some of the most detailed images ever obtained of the smallest planet in our solar system .
carolyn thorpe was enjoying a cup of coffee outside a cafe in france . the 20-foot tree toppled and crushed her to death in 2007 . her daughter sarah wright was also injured by the american ash tree . the tree was planted to celebrate the birth of napoleon i 's first son .
edwin ` jock ' mee is accused of carrying out a campaign of abuse against female cadets . the divorced father-of-five denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three rapes and one count of assault by penetration . she claims she became pregnant before suffering a life threatening ectopic pregnancy .
jake boys , 19 , surprised his partner emily canham , 18 , by telling her they would see niall horan , liam payne , harry styles and louis tomlinson in concert . but the delight of miss canham soon turned to dismay upon learning her boyfriend had bought plane tickets to dublin for the millennium stadium gig .
lawrence tynes has filed a lawsuit against the tampa bay buccaneers . the 36-year-old is seeking $ 20million in lost future earnings and $ 15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly mrsa infection in 2013 . tynes said he spent eight or nine days without being diagnosed and his infection worsened .
sir david nicholson said it was crucial that all the main political parties backed the nhs 's five-year plan , which calls for a 7 per cent boost to the health budget by 2020 . david cameron and nick clegg have pledged to find the cash . but ed miliband has refused .
a united airlines regional jet carried her back to the east coast on thursday from the omaha , nebraska airport . her flight was bound for newark , new jersey , the major airport most convenient to her spacious chappaqua , new york home . clinton had just finished a three-day presidential campaign swing in council bluffs , iowa .
dr ram manohar , 38 , is accused of groping the breast of one of them . he is alleged to have touched the nurses while working at wirral 's arrowe park hospital . mr mclachlan said he offered to help nurse a with her training on december 23 , 2013 .
brimbank crime investigation unit detectives in victoria are investigating the armed robbery at a service station in watervale , victoria . investigators were told the cross-dressing robber entered the service station just before 7.30 pm . he suddenly produced an imitation machine gun from a black bag and demanded the money from the till .
richard coles , 52 , sits on the board of wellingborough homes , a housing association in northamptonshire . known to many for presenting radio 4 's gentle human interest show saturday live , he is the supposed inspiration for the hero of the bbc church sitcom rev .
new information from the mars rover curiosity shows that it is possible that there is liquid water close to the surface of the red planet . very fine-grained sediments , which slowly fell down through the water , were deposited right at the bottom of the crater lake . curiosity detected salts called perchlorates , which can absorb water from the atmosphere and turn it into briny liquid .
leo bernal , 8 , was shot in the head as he lay in bed at his home in culver city , california , over the weekend . his head was partially shaved and marred by two long , stapled incisions . police have asked the public 's help in finding the gunman who opened fire at around 11.55 pm sunday .
study by duke-nus graduate medical school in singapore found 27.4 per cent of the population suffered from pre-hypertension . of these , 38 per cent ate more than 12 meals out per week , the american journal of hypertension reported . figures on blood pressure , body mass index -lrb- bmi -rrb- and lifestyle , including meals eaten away from home and physical activity levels were collected .
facinet keita , 31 , fled the olympic village in summer 2012 . he claimed his failure to win a medal meant he ` would be murdered ' . his wife has now split from him because she ` could n't wait for him ' . mr keita has been coaching judo in stoke-on-trent .
ricky linn , now in a california federal prison where he 's two years into his 20-year sentence , said that he ca n't believe that he tried to destroy a place of worship . linn drove about two hours from his home in st. joe , indiana , to suburban toledo on september 30 , 2012 , and broke into the mosque where he poured gasoline on a prayer rug and lit it on fire . he later said while pleading guilty to
kevin morton gave son kye backhouse an extremely strong painkiller . he says he will ` have to try and live with it for the rest of my life ' . kye was found dead at his home in barrow-in-furness , cumbria in october last year .
the jane doe was found in a wooded area in volusia county on april 23 , 1990 . investigators believe her badly decomposed remains , which consisted mostly just bones , had been there for up to eight weeks before they were discovered . the death was ruled a homicide and the case remains open .
the gold moto 360 is available to pre-order online from o2 and any customers making orders before 10pm bst on 20 april . it will then go on general sale online and exclusively from stores in the uk on 23 april will receive the watch the next day . motorola 's gold version has an 18mm stainless steel band and costs # 50 more , at # 249.99 - which is # 50 cheaper than apple 's cheapest sport model .
amir khan could face a police probe after posting pictures on snapchat . the 28-year-old splits his time between his hometown of bolton and the us . he posted the pictures while driving his car in the fremont area of california . police are yet to say if they will be looking into the snaps .
erik meldik 's prank went viral after he posted it online . the 27-year-old had burst into tears when she was told her dog had accidentally been put in the wash . mr meldil revealed the ` joke ' and that her beloved pet was safe and sound .
duli hembrom wrote to milan mithi uchha vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding , which is due to take place in two days . it is thought the ` oath ' duli refers to is the school 's promise she had to make when she started , but exactly what it included is not known .
at over 50 locations around the us and canada , the kimpton hotel chain offers a special service for those feeling a bit lonely while travelling . staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room for the duration of their stay . the hotel will also place a fish in on-site meeting rooms and banquet halls .
rachel riley was embarrassed on a recent episode of the show when contestants offered up a rather rude eight-letter word as their answer to the word game . host nick hewer faced a conundrum of his own as he tried , and failed to stifle his giggles as a blushing ms riley spelt out the word ` erection ' . hewer , who first found fame as lord sugar 's sidekick in the apprentice , was clearly trying not to laugh when gerry tynan
more than 1,000 crimes have been created by the coalition in a frenzy of law-making -- including a ban on washing clothes in trafalgar square . the legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day . but research shows the government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month .
dawn was heading deep into the mountains of central corsica for a self-guided walking trip . the trail , which runs down the mountainous spine of the island , happens to be the toughest trek in europe . it started in the remote golo valley , a wild and desolate canyon flanked by barren cliffs .
the female agent alleged that she was attending a party with xavier morales , her boss , in a washington , d.c. restaurant when he said he loved her and wanted to have sex with her . after the two employees returned to the office , morales tried to kiss the woman and grabbed her arms when she resisted , according to two people briefed on her statement . morales was due to start his new position this week .
a pain and gain report released by corelogic for the december quarter has revealed that home resales recording a gross loss were at an all time low . only 8.6 percent of homes had recorded a loss and a shocking 32.3 percent had shown properties selling for more than double their original price . it will go for auction between $ 3 and $ 4 million , with the current expected price being left as a surprise .
the teenage victim , cortez berry , was serving time at the burruss correctional training center in forsyth , georgia , for his role in a 2011 carjacking and robbery . the disturbing image was uploaded to facebook friday using a cellphone that had been sneaked into the jail . it shows the 18-year-old berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men , one of whom is holding the leash .
nearly half of headteachers have vacancies in english , maths and science departments amid a growing recruitment crisis in secondary schools . survey by the association of school and college leaders -lrb- ascl -rrb- found that 44 per cent of respondents had ` difficulty ' recruiting teachers for core subjects .
hizb ut-tahrir -lrb- ht -rrb- has reportedly attacked civil activists in aleppo . several british men linked to isis , including mohammed ` jihadi john ' emwazi , are known to have been in contact with the group while studying at uk universities .
flight et607 was carrying 283 passengers and 14 crew members from guangzhou , china when it had to change course and refuel in mumbai . the twin-engine plane departed for ethiopia at 7:30 am , but was forced to turn back as it flew over the arabian sea . it was taken out of service for an inspection and any necessary repairs .
this week incredible footage showed the moment an unusual ` apocalyptic ' dust storm , known in arabic as a haboob , struck belarus . china has suffered four massive sandstorms since the start of the year . some experts have said that climate change bringing excessive heat can make some areas more susceptible to dust storms .
holder said the department 's prohibition on soliciting prostitutes applies even when employees are off duty or in foreign countries where prostitution may be legal . the ten dea agents - an assistant regional director and nine special agents - had the alleged parties ` at government-leased headquarters , ' and three of the special agents were ` provided money , expensive gifts , and weapons from drug cartel members ' .
liberal democrats will vow to protect the entire education budget . unlike tory and labour plans , spending would rise per pupil . an extra 460,000 schoolchildren expected in the next five years . mr clegg will say this is a deal-breaker in any future coalition talks . but he will claim lib dems are now ` the party of education ' .
the typed dispatch was sent by german president karl doenitz on may 8 , 1945 . it was seized from luftwaffe chief robert von greim when he was arrested . the order is being auctioned by bonhams , new york , for # 21,000 .
u.s. department of agriculture said monday that the h5n2 bird flu virus had been found at a farm in northwest iowa 's osceola county . seven other midwestern states have also been hit by the virus , dooming nearly 7.8 million turkeys and chickens since march .
the kingdom of naples , the venetian republic , the ottoman empire , the french , british and , during the second world war , the italians and germans have all left their mark . so instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven .
the 22-year-old said she kneed jason lee , an ex-goldman sachs managing director , in the groin during the struggle after he forced her onto the floor whilst naked in the bathroom of his $ 35,000 a month rented mansion . she sobbed and said she was left in a state of ` disbelief ' and begged her friends to take her home - because she felt that it was her fault . the victim also revealed that she has not even told her family
first lady michelle obama told celebrity chef and daytime talk-show host rachael ray that it was the armed agents who provide around-the-clock security for the family . mrs. obama has n't driven herself in seven or eight years . the first lady replies that her ` hope is just to make sure that they -lrb- her daughters -rrb- come out of this thing as functioning adults , you know ? ' .
sofinar gourian , popularly known as ` safinaz , was fined # 15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant . she is expected to avoid jail time , however , after paying # 10,000 bail and launching an appeal against the six month prison sentence .
arlette ricci , 74 and one of the richest women in europe , sent to prison . she was ` particularly determined ' to stash money in swiss accounts . ricci denied hiding equivalent of more than # 15million , saying she tried to avoid tax rather than evade it , which is not .
the water is extracted from californian artichokes , a plant rich in health-boosting silymarin and cynarin . the water is said to contain minerals including iron , potassium , vitamin c and magnesium . flavoured with spearmint and apple , the 30-calories per bottle water is sweetened with agave and fruit .
tara and gavin hills , from kanata , canada , have been anti-vaxxers for six years , but all that changed when their seven children came down with whooping cough . the hills ' six sons and a daughter between the ages of 10 months and 10 years remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics .
kim richards was arrested early thursday morning after allegedly attacking a police officer . law enforcement were called to the beverly hills hotel at approximately 1:30 am where the 50-year-old reality star was hanging out . the mother-of-four was refused service by a bartender after she 'd had a few too many vodka tonics .
bradley dew , 26 , had been drinking with his friend at a pub in kent earlier that day and had borrowed his mobile . but in the evening dew returned to his friend 's home , claiming he had lost the mobile on a train after returning from herne bay . officers said he was likely to have been left feeling vulnerable after being mugged in his own home .
sally betts wrote a reference for luke lazarus ` out of loyalty to the family ' after he raped an 18-year-old woman in an alleyway outside his father 's sydney nightclub . the mayor of three years said : ` by the sheer fact of -lrb- the assault -rrb- happening at a nightclub and alcohol is involved , so i 'm saying let 's try and close that loophole ' . lazarus , a former private school boy ,
an account purporting to be sydney radio station 2ue sent out a tweet on thursday morning which appears to have come from a disgruntled former employee . ` apologies for the s *** news service these days , ' the tweet began . a 2ue spokesperson told daily mail australia that they were aware of the posting but denied the message came from one of their accounts .
annabel beam , now 12 , fell 30ft down the inside of a hollow tree in december 2011 . her mother , christy , has spoken of her amazement after annabel escaped the accident unscathed - even waking miraculously cured of a devastating illness . for the first time in her life , she can eat solid food -- and her mother thinks her brush with jesus is the reason why .
naz shah , a mother-of-three from bradford , has previously claimed she was coerced into marrying her cousin in pakistan before being sexually and physically abused . however , mr galloway 's respect party now claims to have obtained a copy of her ` nikah ' , or marriage certificate , showing that she married when she was 16 and a half in 1990 . he claims ms shah has ` only a passing acquaintance with the truth ' .
chelsy davy stepped out in london wearing ripped jeans and a chic beige blazer on wednesday night . the 29-year-old radiated health thanks to a bronze glow as she laughed with friends leaving an art gallery in mayfair . the party was to celebrate the opening of the restaurant , part of renowned west end dining institution , the ivy .
operation xeres will focus on allegations relating to abuse at skegby hall children 's home near mansfield . the inquiry will have a team of 20 people looking into the abuse claims . three of the 23 allegations relate to a former youth detention centre , where teenage inmates were detained with the oldest claim dating back to the 1940s .
realtors in indianapolis are looking to unload what 's likely the midwestern city 's gaudiest and most famous home . for a meager $ 862,000 , its gargoyles , endless balconies and ornate fountains can be yours with which to carry on the eccentric torch of quirky indy celebrity jerry a. hostetler . now , as it sits largely unoccupied , it 's a cause for both concern and awe as neighbors wonder how
richard howarth , 35 , says he gets so agitated when he sees ukip leader nigel farage that he has to immediately change the channel or he becomes ill . the medical recruitment consultant , who has always had a keen interest in politics , said hearing mr farage 's voice makes him ` physically sick ' .
dr bav shergill , a consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital in east grinstead , offers his verdict . we rate them ... a new generation of suncreams promise to protect against the damage from infra-red a rays . others say they protect the skin from the inside .
thomas k. jenkins , 49 , was arrested last month by deputies with the prince george 's county sheriff 's office . he allegedly carried out 18 commercial robberies in dover , delaware , from september 2014 to february 2015 . police say he had cut a hole in the roof of a commercial business in maryland on march 9 and deputies arrested him as he fled .
a teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in birmingham . this includes allegations an al-qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom . more than 50 teachers - called the park view brotherhood - also alleged exchanged 3,000 messages in a whatsapp group which included offensive comments about british soldiers .
josephine witt yelled ` end the ecb dictatorship ! ' before being bundled off by two heavyset guards . a third threw himself in front of mr draghi . police said the woman was 21 and from hamburg . miss witt said she was formerly associated with feminist group femen .
rosemary spent a week on grenada , where fresh foodstuffs like cocoa fruit are easily available . the island is known for its zesty spices and self-sufficiency - the only food it imports is milk . grenada is home to splendid beaches - such as the glorious arc of grand anse .
bogan shire council is aiming to erect a ` big bogan ' statue . graeme burke is the manager of engineering services for the council . the 3.6-metre statue would show a ` bloke ' wearing shorts , thongs and a singlet with a fishing rod and a tuckerbox .
the classic english pastry has been identified as the perfect accompaniment to a creamy latte . espressos are best paired with chocolate truffles or a mini raspberry coulis . flat whites are best accompanied by a blueberry muffin , and a plain black coffee is best drunk with a glazed ring doughnut .
ricky dearman said his reputation was shattered after being branded the leader of a london satanic cult . scotland yard investigated the ` baseless ' claims but found they had been made by his children after they were tortured by their mother and her partner . mr dearman now hopes to win custody of his children , who are eight and currently in care .
international monetary fund said state will continue to spend more on public services and other areas such as welfare and overseas aid than it raises in tax throughout the next parliament . projection underlines just how hard it will be for the next government to eliminate the country 's annual deficit , which hit a record # 153billion under labour in 2009-10 .
hundreds of payday lenders will be wiped out by tougher rules designed to protect customers , experts have predicted . wonga racked up a # 37.3 million loss last year following a significant reduction in uk consumer lending while it attempts to clean up its tarnished image . revenues declined to # 217.2 million in the period , down by almost # 100million .
vincent cianni , 63 , has spent three years traveling the u.s. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression , sadness and silence in a moving photo essay . the photographer said he embarked on the project to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with . in many ways still does , oppress them , he said , ` it seems i spent most of my life uninterested in knowing about the military because i supported peace , the fight
police said friday that they 're trying to find a couple and five children who left a north las vegas home where a 3-year-old girl was found dead . kellie cherie phillips , 38 , and jondrew megil lachaux , 39 , are n't in nevada , they may be in the los angeles or oakland , california , areas , police officer aaron patty said . patty told reporters that phill
jimmy choo is in australia to host his first ever australian masterclass . julie bishop is famously a huge fan of the malaysian shoe designer 's pieces . she is also a huge supporter of christian louboutin , louis vuitton and isabel aujoule .
sonia pereiro-mendez says she was denied millions in pay and bonuses . she was ` mocked ' and subjected to ` gratuitous derogatory ' comments . in an attempt to prove her claim , she recorded managers at global investment firm ` without their knowledge ' . she has also lodged a claim against three senior bosses .
family of adolf hitler 's minister of propaganda is suing publisher . cordula schacht is representing joseph goebbels ' estate in case against random house germany and its imprint sidler . dispute comes after peter longerich drew on the diaries for a biography .
the train was traveling through salters pond road and highway 121 , near the town of trenton , shortly after 8.30 pm when it derailed after apparently hitting a tree that had fallen onto the tracks . at the time , the vehicle was carrying anhydrous ammonia - a highly toxic , nitrogen-based chemical that can form explosive mixtures with air . it was also transporting non-hazardous ammonia nitrate .
the uk clocked up growth of 2.8 per cent in 2014 , the strongest in the group of seven industrialised nations and seven times higher than france 's 0.4 per cent . the uk is expected to cement its position in the coming years as one of the fastest growing major economies in the west .
anthony mann sat quietly sobbing in the dock as he listened to the details of the mercy killing of his wife janet . he was given a two year suspended sentence after he appeared at leamington justice centre today . prosecution outlined how mann plunged a kitchen knife into his wife 's chest in a moment of impulse .
annegret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , will give birth in a matter of weeks to four babies . she is in her 21st week of pregnancy after being artificially inseminated . the mother-of-13 is due to give birth to quadruplets in weeks .
trevor brooks was told it was not in the public interest for him to have a passport because he is seen as a terror risk . home office said it could not discuss individual cases . brooks , 39 , was released from prison last month after serving part of his 11-month term for breaching bail on a terrorist offence .
prime minister will be absent when miliband and four other party leaders take part in the televised showdown . mr miliband accused the pm of ` ducking ' the chance to defend his record in government or explain how he would pay for a host of tax giveaways . he has also promised to increase the nhs budget by # 8billion a year .
a two-metre south american boa constrictor is on the loose after police mistakenly believed it was a harmless python . snake catcher tony harrison warned that if the large-predatory boa has inclusion body disease ` it can be unbelievably contagious if that gets loose in australia ' . mr harrison believes the snake will be found ` within a month ' but there are fears if the boa is pregnant there could then be up to 30 live young on the loose
captain angela merkel and president joachim gauck among 1,500 guests at cologne cathedral this morning . flags have been flown at half-mast across the country as political and religious leaders join hundreds of bereaved relatives in the west-german city . lubitz previously suffered from severe depression and his home computer showed he had researched ways of committing suicide .
the british sandwich chain 's new concept is called ` good evenings ' . it runs from 6pm until 11pm every night , but only -lrb- for now -rrb- at its branch on the strand in london . diners can enjoy their meals along with a selection of wines and craft beers as atmospheric jazz wafts from the speakers .
fleece jackets , piles of hay , a fuzzy stuffed animal sloth and a lot of fruit were on bobbi gordon 's shopping list when she became a surrogate mother to a big-eyed , spikey-haired little boy . now 5 months old , the 14-inch , 11-pound tuah is starting to crawl .
william beggs , 54 , is known as the limbs in the loch killer for raping , murdering and dismembering barry wallace , 18 , in 1999 . the teenager 's limbs and torso were found in loch lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off the ayrshire coast . beggs was due for release this year and has since been moved to shotts prison .
only just over half -lrb- 53 per cent -rrb- know the duke of wellington led the british forces , while one in seven believe it was the french who were victorious in 1815 . forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they did n't know who won the battle of waterloo .
indonesia and human rights groups are furious that siti zainab 's family was not notified before her execution this morning . amnesty international says her killing in the holy islamic city of media ` smacks of a basic lack of humanity ' . the domestic worker was sentenced to death in 1999 after confessing to stabbing her employer who allegedly mistreated her to death .
the new york post 's page six alleged that flay , 50 , has been seeing tirrel , who 's 28 , for three years and that it led to the breakdown of his marriage to stephanie march . flay filed for divorce earlier this month saying that his 10-year marriage to law & order : ` irretrievably broken down ' .
there is a rising number of firms in the us that sell dog and cat biscuits to pet owners containing cannabidiol , or cbd . cannabis plants contain more than 60 unique compounds called cannabinoids . two of the most common compounds are tetrahydrocannabinol -lrb- thc -rrb- - the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high - and cannabiol . hemp is legally refined in industrial factories for products such as hemp seed foods , hemp oil , wax , resin
david cameron has been secretly using hair dye to turn back the years . ukip leader said he was ` jealous ' of how the tory leader has reversed the greying process while in downing street . mr cameron , 48 , has previously been accused of visiting stylists and even trichologists to keep his hair looking youthful .
report by tel aviv university 's kantor center for the study of contemporary european jewry said 766 violent anti-semitic acts were carried out around the world last year . arson , vandalism and direct threats against jews , synagogues and other jewish institutions were included in the figure , making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009 .
rachel simpson , 15 , was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated . the rest of the family , from heysham , near lancaster , are now waiting on tests which could reveal who else has the faulty gene .
officers from scotland yard 's flying squad released images of three suspects . but refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader , likely because he has already been identified . criminologist richard hoskins said he has identified ` startling similarities ' between the hatton garden raid and novel black echo .
kate middleton wore a ceylon sapphire once owned by princess diana . experts say the trend might prove that diamonds are not forever . demand has seen the value of some coloured stones increase by more than 2,000 per cent over the last ten years . leading auctioneers now branding them a better investment than diamonds .
the hague is home to a gallery lover like me : the beautiful , elegant and not-too-big mauritshuis was restored last year . this is also the home of girl with a pearl earring , the ` dutch mona lisa ' . it has a genteel moat/canal , which encircles the historic centre .
walter scott , 50 , and pierre fulton , his friend of several years , had met for breakfast on april 4 before scott drove him to a church so fulton could collect a bag of vegetables . he then took fulton home to drop off the bag there before they both headed over to scott 's house . but as they returned home , their car was pulled over for a broken tail light . scott was behind $ 18,000 in his child support payments and
amanda curtis , the founder of a fashion company , snapped the phenomenon while waiting for the long island railroad at the glen cove station . the quadruple rainbow followed a storm night in the tri-state area , which saw new york city buffeted with rain and occasional strokes of lightning in the early hours .
robert bates , from tulsa , oklahoma , spoke at length about the deadly incident for the first time on the today show on friday . he also took the opportunity to apologize to the family of the man he killed in the april 2 incident . comes just days after bates turned himself in to face charges of second-degree manslaughter .
scientists have joined these individual 30 to 60 mile -lrb- 50 to 100km -rrb- wide strips to create a single complete 3d map . the new map allows astronomers to ` stand ' on planetary surfaces and could help explain how water and lava once flowed across the red planet . this is in contrast to the blue 1,6404 ft depth of the lower-lying chryse planitia region . it covers the vast crater-strewn highland region of the red planet
kyle wittstock , 22 , died on monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door on linksman street in yanchep , perth . he left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter , who he referred to as his ` little lion cub ' in facebook posts .
ford showcased its # 260,000 gt in a stunning light installation in the heart of milan as the first models are shipped to china . the light sculpture was unveiled in the piazza de fidele on tuesday as part of the milan design week . ford has refused to officially confirm its price .
the girl , who attends lone hill middle school in san dimas , california , is the target of disturbing posts on the photo-sharing service . posts consist of pictures of her accompanied by threatening messages . one says : ` that smile ! i ca n't wait till its -lsb- sic -rsb- just blood and tears ' .
pippa middleton has been slammed for ` promoting the cruel and unnecessary whaling industry ' . the 31-year-old has told of eating minke whale -- even though it is largely banned worldwide . she boasted of tucking into the delicacy in norway to the horror of environmental campaigners who say she is helping promote an ` unimaginably cruel ' trade .
a woman was reportedly spotted threatening people with ' a dildo in each hand ' during an altercation outside a grafton pub . nick weller told the daily examiner he initially saw two girls brawling on the streets . the altercation took an unusual turn when mr weller and other onlookers spotted a woman approaching the scene .
amanda lukoff , from arlington , virginia , teamed up with her husband danny egan for their film the r-word , which is in pre-production while they try to raise $ 200,000 for the documentary . the director and producer has already signed on cast members including scrubs actor john c. mcginley and glee actress lauren potter .
anorexia is caused by comparing oneself to a catwalk model remains popular . in western europe , around 0.5 per cent of adults are thought to be affected by anorexia nervosa . but the illness is often mistaken by many as a lifestyle choice with an external cause . high levels of perfectionism , a need for organisation and a focus on details are often observed in those with anoreowxia .
almost half of 1,000 british companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight . among the reasons given were that overweight workers ` are unable to play a full role in the business ' , ` they 're lazy ' , and ` they would n't be able to do the job required ' .
sean donohoe , 30 , from wilnecote , tamworth , plundered the elderly woman 's accounts before spending tens of thousands of pounds on trips to the snowdome and in shops such as argos and hmv . he even persuaded his victim to change her will so he could reap the benefits , before secretly taking out two life insurance policies . the builder has now been jailed for 21 months after admitting charges of fraud and theft .
khadijah dare , 22 , was born in nigeria but emigrated to the uk as a child . her mother victoria has used her first interview to call upon her daughter to return . she says she wants her only child in her life to behead a westerner . mrs dare , from lewisham in south london , has reportedly been widowed .
the driver of the ferrari , reportedly purchased only a week ago , smashed into a tree in the adelaide suburb of north brighton . despite the driver coming out of the accident unscathed , his male passenger suffered head and leg injuries . the passenger was conscious when paramedics attended the scene and was taken to flinders medical centre .
iona costello 's stepson , george costello jr , 45 , was staying nearby . he also has a long history of drug arrests -lrb- mugshot from april -rrb- . iona 's husband died in 2012 from a heart attack , and she is believed to have been ` under a lot of stress ' because of a legal battle with four of his five adult children .
robert donovan , 57 , disappeared from ford open prison in arundel , sussex . he was jailed for 15 months in 2005 for using a ` lebanese loop ' to steal a man 's credit card at a cash machine . his disappearance only emerged last year , four years after he had walked out .
ed miliband initially suggested he would ` abolish ' the non-domicile status . but it emerged he is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years . labour aides suggested this would raise as much as # 1billion . announcement has already had a negative impact on the capital 's property market .
robert hardy , 89 , is a keen military historian who studied english with j.r. tolkien and is now an expert on the medieval longbow . the piece was created by artist l.m. rendall in the 1960s after being commissioned by mr hardy himself .
joshua van haften , 34 , of madison , wisconsin , was arrested wednesday night at o'hare international airport in chicago . he has now been charged in a criminal complaint with attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . the criminal complaint cites facebook posts that said he was unable to cross the border from turkey into syria .
a university of cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory . it suggests temperatures at earth 's equator were -40 °f -lrb- 2.4 billion years ago -rrb- . the reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood . but it could have implications for finding life on other frozen worlds like europa and enceladus . this means that , were life to survive at the time , it would likely have had to remain in the water deep underground ,
dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous . it is a melting pot of decadence in the middle east with year-round sunshine . despite the restrictions of local religious laws , the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define dubai as a holiday destination .
winston churcill was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by winston churchill . he encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions . many were so successful that they played a vital role in ending world war two . churchill was the conservative candidate for woodford , essex , but lost in the elections .
the trackyourdose app was developed by germany-based esooka . it keeps a record of a user 's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person 's location and flights . it uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists from the physikalisch-technische bundesanstalt -lrb- university oulu , finland -rrb- . ptb 's scientists measured more than 2,500 points at flight altitudes between 5 miles -
lloyd byfield , 48 , pursued a relationship with 26-year-old leighann duffy . he armed himself with a claw hammer and a large red handled kitchen knife . he smashed his way into her flat in walthamstow , east london , on september 1 . after pleading guilty to murder , he was sentenced to life with a minimum term .
the eiffel tower has been closed after workers walked out in support of the unions strike against the government 's austerity measures . there are an average 25,000 ascents at the tower every day , and at $ 15.50 a ticket , the closure will cost paris tourism almost $ 387,500 -lrb- # 280,000 -rrb- in entry fees .
emily reay , 17 , is a pupil at trinity school in carlisle , cumbria . claims she has sported the same colour of hair for the last three years . but teachers have told her to tone it down or she will be banned from lessons . she was informed of the action being taken at the end of monday 's assembly .
mohamed badie and 13 other defendants were handed their sentences as 37 people , including an american-egyptian citizen were jailed for life . the defendants found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling cairo protest camp in the months after the military overthrew islamist president morsi . among those sentenced to life in prison is mohamed soltan , a man who has been on a hunger strike over his detention for more than 14 months .
dornoch 's golf course or the sutherland town 's historic cathedral were surprised instead to be pointed in the direction of some toilets . even if bewildered tourists did suddenly fancy a trip to the slaughterhouse , they would discover it is in the process of being demolished . the bizarre sign caused an online stir after it was retweeted by scots crime writer ian rankin .
glenna kohl of barnstable spent years in the sun as a cape cod lifeguard and countless hours laying in indoor tanning beds while at college . three years later , at just 26 , glenna would be dead after a painful cancer battle . her parents want the world to know the very real dangers posed by tanning even to the very young .
the white house declined to give embattled drug enforcement administration chief michele leonhart a vote of confidence today . her anticipated departure stems from concerns that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes that drug lords in colombia may have staged to elicit sensitive information . armed with . once-confidential documents , a u.s. congressional committee will . investigate the claims .
the darwin man , aged just 42 , had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died . he was given cpr but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived . phil and his wife vania own ultimate gym and fitness centre at winnellie together .
the u.s. spends $ 4billion -lrb- # 2.7 billion -rrb- a year on unnecessary medical costs due to mammograms generating false alarms and on treatment for breast tumors unlikely to cause problems . breast cancer is the second most common cause of death from cancer among american women , claiming nearly 41,000 lives a year .
pm said voters were not ` fully sure ' about the tories at the last election . he said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority , before adding : ` if i fall short of those 23 seats i will feel i have not succeeded ' . mr cameron made the remarks in an interview with the bbc 's evan davis .
gemma redhead , 33 , was left terrified after her former partner telephoned her after he was released from prison . but as she attempted to rebuild her life , he defied a restraining order to phone her . he was left with post-traumatic stress disorder after being repeatedly raped by philip kirby .
lorenzo simon , 34 , forced victim michael spalding , 39 , to decorate his flat . he then dismembered the handyman using a hacksaw and put his body parts . bird was cleared of murder but admitted assisting an offender . today he was found guilty of murder and manslaughter .
putin appeared to soften his anti-american rhetoric after being highly critical relations between moscow and washington . russia has repeatedly denied accusations from kiev and the west that it is supporting pro-russian rebels with troops and . weapons in eastern ukraine , where more than 6,000 people have . been killed since last april .
mandy dunford , 54 , was followed around her farm in north yorkshire moors . neighbour kenneth ward , 67 , was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences . judge also imposed a sexual offences prevention order , banning the flasher from being within 200 metres of miss dunford .
soldiers were given a burial with full military honours in an emotional ceremony at prowse point cemetery in belgium . little has been discovered about the soldiers , as no relatives have been found , and their graves will be labelled as ` known unto god ' . while their names will remain unknown , four of the six soldiers regiments were identified thanks to their uniforms .
fruit juices made from so-called superfoods often have more sugar than a can of cola , officials have warned . some brands contain more than a day 's recommended intake of sugar in a single 300ml serving . local government association accused soft drink firms of ` dragging their heels ' when it comes to minimising sugar in their products .
the native acai berry bowl is topped with bananas , granola , raisin and honey . the fruit bowls include oshun native made with acaí pulp , banana , lemongrass , ginger , coriander and acai pulp . the acai kong is a rich purple fruit indigenous to the amazon rainforest .
rosemary taylor , communications director of the city of brookhaven , georgia , made the ` racist ' remark to hired photographer nelson jones at the local cherry blossom festival . after witnessing mr jones capture a test shot of models dominique jackson , 18 , and 19-year-old khamlee vongvone at the event , she apparently went over to him and referenced the two girls . moments later , they were asked to leave the festival by a
francis pusok , 30 , fled his southern california home on thursday when they tried to arrest him for identity theft charges . in an interview with nbc 4 on monday , pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear ` this is n't over ' . when the chase was coming to a close about two and a half hours later , video shows pus
timothy eli thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . his mother brandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to promote eli 's story . the story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints .
robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris , who was killed during a botched sting on april 2 . despite the charges , the retired insurance executive , who is out on $ 25,000 bond , is allowed to take a previously planned vacation to the bahamas , nbc reported . harris ' family reacted to the decision in a statement released by their lawyer .
nasa scientists in california have released new images of ceres . they were taken by the dawn spacecraft from a distance of 21,000 miles -lrb- 33,000 km -rrb- . and it will soon study the whole planet - including its mystery bright spots . the spacecraft is currently on the side of the planet that is mostly shrouded in darkness , but over the coming months it will see more of the world in light . it will also see ceres in better and a
mike keen said he would ` abolish ' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms . but in january ed balls said it would cost the country money . mr miliband argues non-dom tests ` are not very rigorous ' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad .
scientists who reviewed 20 different studies of penis size , including 15,521 measurements of penises from around the world found some surprising results . most men fall within a couple of centimetres of each other , with most measuring around 5.2 inches in length when erect with a 4.6 inch circumference .
french diners have previously seen doggy bags - popular in america and the uk - as 'em barrassing ' . but one mp has said increasing their use would stop the country wasting huge amounts of food . throwing away still-edible food is costing the country up to $ 20 billion each year .
kenyan elite troops were called in from nairobi to garissa , 225miles from the capital , to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university . but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon , local media claims . one of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as a lawyer son of a kenyan government official .
david cameron made a visit to poole in dorset and sunny bristol . the prime ministerial upper lip was soon glistening . strategists with precious plans have plotted every minute of every low-risk day . the day was hailed as ` money back monday ' because it was the start of the financial year .
robert durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 world trade center . he also faces a murder charge in california and two state weapons charges in louisiana - one of possessing a .38 - caliber revolver along with an illegal drug . about 5 ounces of marijuana .
victia pitt experienced burns to 64 per cent of her body during a september 2011 ultramarathon through the kimberley , western australia . the eighteen-month-old pulled a rice-cooker brimming with boiling water down on his head , burning deep scars into his face and leaving him almost blind . turia was deeply moved by the plight of the baby with big , brown eyes .
the opening shot of the trailer reveals a speeder on the planet jaku , where a crashed star destoyer and x-wing are buried in the sand . already disney and lucasfilm are working overtime to drum up interest in the scifi extravaganzat that 's full of stormtroopers , jedis and lightsabers .
robert penny , 83 , of malvern east , briefly appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday . he is charged with murdering claire acocks and his wife margaret penny at old london coiffure hairdressers in portland , victoria on may 3 , 1991 . the women were found badly beaten , repeatedly stabbed , with their throats cut and were wrapped in black hair wraps .
britt mchenry was caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ` lose some weight , baby girl ' , adding ` i 'm on television and you 're in a f -- ing trailer , honey ' . in a self-aggrandizing rant , she tells her readers she is ` taking a stand ' against ` sexist ' commercials that focus on ` appearance alone ' .
the hollywood siren called the building , just a short walk from harrods in london 's exclusive knightsbridge , home until her death in 1990 . spread over 3,054 square feet it boasts two spacious reception rooms , a study and a modern state-of-the art kitchen .
the british star of disney 's new blockbuster cinderella has worn more than # 300,000 worth of frocks , shoes and jewellery . from # 3,000 jimmy choo shoes to a # 40,000 necklace , claudia connell and eliza scarborough reveal how downton abbey star lily 's very special wardrobe would be a stretch .
a california homeowner 's surveillance video captured footage of three burglars who broke into their house . the burglars get into the house through the kitchen , peeking and even tip-toeing around as they walk through the living room of the empty home . the boy immediately ducks and then hits the camera over , but not before it was able to capture a visual of his face .
suzy howlett , 54 , who specialises in teaching foreign-born children english , has embarrassed husband and wife team derek tanswell and sharon snook . the teacher picked up on the use of boarders and wrote : ' i think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house ' .
timothy rogalski , from wallingford , connecticut , called the school on tuesday morning and left four messages on its office answerphone . the fifth time he called , he spoke to an administrative assistant . in the calls , the 30-year-old accused staff of being behind the december 14 , 2012 shooting that left 20 children and six female educators dead .
iona costello , 51 , and her daughter emily , 14 , have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts . relatives have filed a missing person report after emily did not return to her east hampton school from spring break .
officer clarence haberdashem searches walter scott 's handcuffed body in the immediate aftermath of the shooting . slager 's former attorney had initially claimed that the officer fired on scott during a struggle for his taser and had felt threatened . he later told colleagues that he administered cpr , but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body .
sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around # 74,000 . average sale prices are about # 207,000 in the uk , advertised asking prices . researchers analysed sold price data from the office for national statistics , land registry , halifax and nationwide . compared it to asking prices on the largest property website rightmove .
ed miliband visited a christian group in croydon on the latest stop o his campaign trail . he bowed his head while church leaders ` put their hands forward towards ed ' . last year mr miliband described himself as a ` jewish atheist ' . but all party leaders are now trying to reach religious groups in the scramble to win votes .
cheryl was one of 25 questions set in the singapore and asian schools math olympiad . at first , it appears impossible to answer without more information but pictured is the method used to work it out . cheryl then tells albert and bernard separately the month and the day of her birthday respectively .
helen dunn , 78 , from stourbridge , west midlands , was flicking through the newspaper when she spotted herself on the cover of a raunchy lads ' mag from 1955 . the cover was featured as a part of collector tim beddow 's ` antiques rudeshow ' collection of 700 vintage men 's mags , the birmingham mail reports .
charlie kwentus , 42 , from webster groves , missouri , was granted his dying wish by the annie 's hope bereavement center for kids . the charity provided all of his family with star treatment for the day , with black tie makeovers and a limousine included .
prince george 's brother or sister could be called sam after jockey . bookmakers have slashed odds on the name sam - being chosen for the name of the second royal baby . follows success of part-time jockey and duchess of cambridge 's close friend sam waley-cohen at aintree this weekend .
xiao ying , 17 , said she was afraid to tell her parents she was pregnant . she wanted to ` forget the entire incident ' when a cleaner found her . the baby boy was dumped by his teenager mother in a factory toilets . his condition is now improving but his traumatic birth could lead to problem .
prime minister met staff and volunteers at age uk day centre in plymouth . he said he will amend working times regulations so for three days people can volunteer or serve as a school governor . policy will apply to workers with at least 250 staff - an estimated 10 million in the private sector and five million in public sector .
hillary clinton shaped state department policy to reward big money foreign donors to her family foundation . claims against clinton are laid out in clinton cash , due to be published may 5th by harpercollins . former george w bush speechwriter said : ` we will see a pattern of financial transactions involving the clintons that occurred contemporaneous with favorable u.s. policy decisions benefiting those providing the funds ' .
latika bourke had no interest about looking into her origins until she watched the movie slumdog millionaire . the film was nothing short of life-changing for latika and led her to a fulfilling spiritual journey back to where it all began in an orphanage . on her first visit to india she visited the orphanage before she was adopted and was shown the only record of her time there as a baby . she has been every year since - admitting to being ` absolutely obsessed ' with her mother
property prices are predicted to fall by up to 10 per cent in some states with economists tipping a housing surplus in 2017 . goldman sachs predicts population growth will slow to 1.25 per cent over the next three years due to low birth rates , high death rates and falling net migration . this is significantly lower than widely-used australian bureau of statistics population predictions of between 1.7 and 1.8 per cent .
keith boudreau , 42 , was pronounced dead on friday morning following the attack where he was knocked to the ground and had his head stomped on while at home ice sports bar . paul fahey , 43 , allegedly beat the father for just staring in his direction during the ` unprovoked attack ' . he was taken to hospital with life-threatening injuries .
the flow vr device provides passengers with a virtual image of the horizon that mimics the movements of the aircraft . this can help to combat the conflict between the information coming from a person 's eyes and their sense of balance in the inner ear . it can also present travellers with high quality images of their destination that replicate the time of day to help them acclimatise to their new time zone .
robin , now 73 , was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes by chance in 1999 . he was running five or six miles a day , and did n't have a sweet tooth . he had none of the tell-tale symptoms such as increased thirst or urination . the problem can also develop in apparently slim people with a normal body mass index .
patrick randall was 16 in may 1990 when he held a knife to gregory smart 's throat as his friend billy flynn shot him in the head . flynn was paroled last month ; smart is serving life without parole after being convicted of plotting the murder . now 41 , randall won parole thursday at his first hearing - he wo n't be released until after june 4 .
andy murray and kim sears are preparing to marry in his home town of dunblane this weekend . there is less than 48 hours now until the scottish tennis champion and his girlfriend exchange vows in his hometown . messages to the happy couple are in many of the shop windows and several business owners have already sent gifts .
boston police commissioner william evans pointed out that he was firing ` under his arm ' at the other cops . the video shows how angelo west , 41 , immediately jumps out of the car and shoots officer john moynihan in the face at close range . the boston police department described his current condition as ` serious but improving ' .
two members of the criminal gang can be seen entering the building . they claim to have heard ` drilling ' noises on the evening of good friday . meanwhile it has also been alleged that the thieves returned a day after the initial robbery in central london to steal more loot after becoming ` greedy ' .
the stormy weather system , formed in the tasman sea , has n't hit nsw this strong since 2007 . they are characterised by gales or storm force winds that can damage the coast and , in some cases , run ships aground . they can also dump hundreds of millimetres of rain , causing flash flooding and riverine flooding .
craig hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the killing of three muslim college students in durham , north carolina . prosecutors said hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon . ballistics matched the handgun to shell casings recovered at the apartment and there was gunshot residue on his hands and one of the victim 's blood was on his pants .
kealeigh-anne woolley was just seven months old when she was left blind . she was unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by colin heath in january 2000 . she spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011 .
an unidentified male concert-goer has come under fire for wearing a t-shirt emblazoned with the words ` eat sleep rape repeat ' . the snapshot sparked outrage after it was shared on twitter on sunday by jemayel khawaja , the managing editor of vice 's music and culture channel thump .
conrad clitheroe , from stockport , is in a cell with friends gary cooper and neil munro . they were arrested in february at fujairah airport over claims they were a ` threat to national security ' . none of the men have been charged with any offence since they were transferred there from dubai .
lisa morgan , 40 , altered the top of the world roofing site to expose her cheating ex boyfriend sean meade , 45 , to claim he had been unfaithful . the couple met after they got chatting on a flight home from turkey in august . miss morgan said the site had brought in more views than ever before .
paypal 's top developer jonathan leblanc said the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers . he said that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ` true integration with the human body ' . typing in a password will become a thing of the past too , he added .
new zealand 's papamoa beach , a popular bay of plenty destination , was an idyllic haven for swimmers until a shark came into the shore . onlookers initially got out of the sea sharpish but soon returned to take photographs and videos of the 2.5 metre bronze whaler . all fears of an attack soon disappeared as children could be heard chatting and laughing happily on the shore as the fish swam around .
chris ball made the most gut-wrenching final goodbye video to his family before taking his own life . the 21-year-old repeatedly said that no one should take the blame for his disease and expressing his unconditional love for his mother , four siblings and his girlfriend . on september 14 last year , his brother jayden found chris 's body along with a usb stick containing the video sitting on top of a piece of paper which simply said : ` mum and dad ,
teenagers will be encouraged to learn foreign languages by talking about tattoos , music festivals , youtube and rap music . proposals aim to rid classrooms of ` tired phrases ' which some pupils now see as outdated . exam board officials also hope to ` bring back linguistic skills ' by focusing on grammar as a component of an indispensable language ` toolkit ' .
maureen mcdonnell was found guilty of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. . her attorneys argued that her public corruption conviction should be overturned because it was based on an overly broad definition of bribery . ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements .
researchers at the university of sheffield analysed people with a body mass index of 30 or more - a recognised measure of obesity . they found obese people fall into one of six categories . bmi has long been used to measure individuals in terms of their height and weight , but does not account for variation across other factors .
researchers from goldsmiths university in london and ohio state university in the us studied more than 13,000 twins aged nine to 16 from six countries . they said they were surprised by the results , believing that the twins ' shared environment would be a larger factor than genetics . genetics and non-shared-environment factors were found to have the largest effect on the children 's motivation to learn , whereas the shared environment had negligible impact .
andrew o'clee , 36 , wed michelle agbulos , and later tied the knot again . but michelle , 39 , uncovered the deception when she came across footage . michelle allowed herself to be taken in by his elaborate lies , agreeing not to tell her family and friends what was happening .
samantha says she thinks she 's ` fabulous ' i sprung out of bed this morning . she says she has grown to love my nose that tilts ever so slightly to the right . but as long as i do n't mind , who cares ? which is why i 'm utterly peeved about dove 's latest campaign results .
ralph cramer , 70 , and his wife , lynn , 59 , were returning home from the creekside café in mount joy at about 9 p.m. on sunday when the accident occurred . first responders arrived to find that the couple had died from multiple traumatic injuries . the top was down when the wreck occurred .
dea agents in colombia were taking part in alleged ` sex parties ' with prostitutes years earlier than previously known , u.s. lawmakers said on tuesday . the hearing came on the heels of a separate , march 26 report by the house committee on oversight and government reform at a hearing on the misconduct .
police say everardo custodio , 22 , shot at people walking in front of the driver 's vehicle on friday night in the busy neighborhood . the driver - a 47-year-old man from the little italy neighborhood - then grabbed his own weapon and fired six rounds at custodio . everado was ordered held without bail sunday .
a dramatic rescue earlier in the week led to 210 mainly-burmese nationals being identified , the vast majority of whom said they were desperate to leave the island village of benjina . those who said they wanted to stay did so because they claimed they were owed years of back pay from their bosses .
tony lopez lozano , 35 , was charged with the august 2013 murder of his boyfriend , brian romo , after fatally stabbing romo in the heart following an argument at their oregon city home . on monday , a judge sentenced him to 10 years in prison -- much to the dismay of the victim 's mother , kathleen tapia . ' i do n't forgive you , and i never will , ' tapia said at the sentencing .
george whitesides has said the new spacecraft is nearly ready . he said it could begin test flights by the end of the year . its predecessor was destroyed in the mojave desert on 31 october 2014 . co-pilot michael alsbury was killed and pilot peter siebold was injured .
the dashboard camera has captured the unnamed driver travelling along a melbourne road when a red ute with p-plates quickly cuts into the lane to turn right at an intersection . moments later , the ute appears to look frustrated at the slow moving traffic as they attempt to overtake by carelessly swerving onto the wrong side of the road . three young people got out to confront the threatened driver .
experts have warned the disease is not the only health danger associated with the pursuit of an artificial year-round tan . those compelled by a desire for bronzed skin are also at risk of catching a sexually transmitted infection - herpes . genital herpes is highly contagious and spreads from one person to another via skin-to-skin contact .
body of sarah fox , 27 , was found by police on thursday night . her 57-year-old mother bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away . merseyside police have issued a photograph of mr fox and warned the public not to approach him .
william tyrrell was last seen dressed in a spider-man suit and playing in his grandmother 's yard in kendall last september . police have returned to the home of bill spedding for the third time this year - a person of interest in the case of the missing toddler . the 63-year-old 's home had been searched earlier in the year , in january and march , after it was unveiled that he was due to fix william 's grandmother '
jesse and melissa meek announced they are expecting a child in a rap video they made set to the theme from '90s television sitcom ` the fresh prince of bel-air ' . the clip has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube . ` in happy valley , oregon , livin ' it wed , bought our first house and started to build our homestead , ' melissa says in the clip .
a dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera . the footage was taken last monday in forrestville in northern sydney . the incident started on warringah road and continued on for 8.5 km . the passenger in the car claiming the truck driver was laughing and even spit on their car .
researchers in north carolina claim that zapping the brain with a mild electric current can boost creativity by nearly eight per cent . they tested their theory using a 10-hertz current run through electrodes attached to the scalp on 20 volunteers to stimulate the brain 's natural alpha wave oscillations .
ethan dowling has around 40,000 votes to win the ultimate guy search . he would follow iraq war veteran and amputee noah galloway . the competition aims to find a man ` who possesses all of the qualities that make up today 's well-rounded , active , health-conscious and thoughtful guy ' .
cathryn parker , 72 , was convicted in 2000 for federal mail fraud in hawaii after she used the jenny craig corp 's corporate travel account to purchase plane tickets . after 15 years skipping over legal hurdles , it all came to a grinding halt when she was stopped for a traffic violation . the case quickly unraveled into one of the biggest cases of identity theft the state has ever seen .
sue sim came to national prominence five years ago as northumbria police dealt with the raoul moat manhunt . she said she was ` sad ' to leave the force but was retiring to spend more time with her family . it was announced last month that ms sim was to be investigated by her police and crime commissioner 's office for alleged misconduct .
premier league stars including steven gerrard , theo walcott and phil jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an adidas sale on twitter . the players posted messages within minutes of each other yesterday . arsenal forward walcott tweeting : ` for 25 hours you can get 25 % discount on adidas.co.uk if you use ` friendsoftheo ' .
christine lagarde , the first female chief executive of the international monetary fund , and plaid cymru 's leanne wood , chose hot pink for her live election debate . the pair are among a host of powerful women reaching for different shades of pink , according to the sunday times newspaper .
stacey eden , 23 , made a bold stand in defence of a muslim couple who faced a racially-charged tirade on a sydney train on wednesday afternoon . ms eden switched on the video camera to record the vile rant before rushing to muslims ' defence with a fiery spray notably absent of any swearing . mr bhatti said another woman nearby supported the racist woman , and the incident caused his family to miss its flight home .
john tuite , 22 , and carlos santolalla , 25 , go by the brangelina-like portmanteau jarlos , and have already earned a following in the modeling world and on new york city 's party scene . the male model it couple have starred in a campaign together for dkny and posed for big brands like edun and dsquared2 .
shezoy bleary , 22 , allegedly attacked 31-year-old copeland and two women with a switchblade in the early morning hours outside a chelsea nightclub . an argument escalated into violence around 4am . copeland 's wife katrine saltara , 28 , was also stabbed during the early-morning altercation after they left popular new york club 1 oak .
kim hill , from suffolk , was sexually abused as a child by her step-father . the 31-year-old revealed she was forced to dress up in her mother 's lingerie . she was even made to watch pornographic films . kim bottled up the memories until she met her husband rob , 34 , who guessed that she had been abused and helped to put derek behind bars 20 years after the offences .
the 34-year-old revealed that she is creating an ` archive ' of her most infamous outfits , which she stores in clear plastic bags , because she is keen on the idea of north inheriting her wardrobe . kim credited her husband for ` introducing ' her to the fashion world and added that she wants their daughter to follow in their footsteps .
poundland began as a single shop in burton-on-trent 25 years ago . firm has become europe 's largest single-price discount retailer . profits expected to be around # 44million as firm reaps rewards from its 547 uk stores and 41 shops in ireland .
nbc 's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers . abc 's world news tonight with david muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending april 3 .
jason edward harrington , who worked with the tsa for six years , said screeners will often pull attractive travellers aside so they can inappropriately touch them . his comments follow revelations two tsa workers were fired for manipulating body scanners in denver as part of a scheme to pat men down .
matthew whelan , 35 , from birmingham , has spent more than # 40,000 on tattoos and body modifications in a bid to ` be the person i want to be ' . thanks to workplace discrimination , he claims , he has been forced to go it alone and is now planning to set up his own business .
nasa scientists in california have revealed new images of the dwarf planet ceres . they reveal new views of the two brightest spots in a crater . however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are . dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april . these latest images were taken on 14 and 15 april from a distance of 14,000 miles -lrb- 22,000 km -rrb- from the north pole of ceres -lrb
swiss researchers measured the temperature of ` hot jupiter ' hd 189733b . they found the temperature reaches up to 3,000 °c in the atmosphere . and wind speeds are in excess of 620mph -lrb- 1,000 km/h -rrb- . this world might be 63 light-years away - and we ca n't even get a direct image of it - but scientists have incredibly been able to measure its atmosphere .
the driver of the car , who has not been identified , said he got into an argument with the suspects while he was pumping gas at a 76 station in south los angeles . the group covered his white dodge charger in gasoline and lit it ablaze while there were two passengers inside . no one was injured during the fire , but the car 's entire front end was torched .
police in texas turn ranchers as they determinedly try to herd a stray buffalo . the animal , named big boy , continues to run along the sidewalk but at one point he veers in front of the police car and over to the other side of the road . despite the detour , the buffalo made it home safely free of injury .
apple ceo tim cook described the company 's eagerly anticipated watch as ` the most personal device we 've ever created ' . a sapphire glass screen used in the device has remained unscratched after being subjected to being rubbed with sandpaper , keyed and even hit with a hammer . two out of the three models of apple watches , which are available to pre-order from today .
actress carey mulligan watched alzheimer 's disease take hold of margaret booth . the 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother , a former teacher , develop problems with her memory . she said there is a ` shame or humour ' attached to the illness , which causes memory loss and language problems .
annegret raunigk , from berlin , is already a mother of 13 but decided to expand her family further after her youngest child told her : ' i want to have a little brother or sister ' . someone who understands annegret 's position well is britain 's older mother , sue tollefsen , from essex .
former bandmates gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald prepare to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in glasgow on april 27 . gary has revealed to mailonline that jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates . he said : ` he wants to come to the shows , he 'll definitely be there ' .
las ` bone ' sloan told police suge knight growled ` i 'm going to kill you ' . police say that was the moment before knight killed terry carter . he tried to sloan by ramming over them in his pick-up truck . knight , the co-founder of death row records , has denied killing .
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs from the behind the wheel of 60-tonne rigs , using secretive codes over their radio systems . 156 truck drivers tested positive for drugs on victoria 's roads in the past year alone and it was revealed that they are using their log books to roll out lines and smoke ice .
four in ten britons have an average # 77 of unwanted good because they have not got round to returning it . a fifth -lrb- 21 per cent -rrb- are too busy , believing that it takes nearly half an hour to return something each time . confusing processes were also identified as a major deterrent to sending an item back for 22 per cent .
the victims were lured to britain but were ` treated like dogs ' , court told . they were sent to work in dog food factories , food plants and car washes . but they were made to give over all their wages , forced to eat outside . police say victims would be threatened with violence by the gang .
jaynab daghastani , 13 , was shot and killed as she made her way through the southern streets of the al-yarmouk camp towards the nearby neighbourhood of yalda . the teenager , identified as nina , also revealed that activists and relief workers were also being targeted by isis .
holly beard , 24 , and her fiance steve hancock , 27 , from adderley green , staffordshire , tipped the scales at over 41st between them . but holly decided to slim down when she was teased at the opticians where she worked after her boss brought in a cake as a treat . she has since gone from 17st 8lb to a slim 11st 9lb in just nine months .
the dhaalu atoll is a 40-minute seaplane flight from the capital malé . two yellow turtles swim sturdily towards a reef , a strip of white sand and that ridiculously blue sea . the maldives have been on the top ten of honeymoon destinations for years .
christy turlington , liya kebede and toni garrn are the faces of lindex 's spring 2015 campaign . the scandinavian brand opened its first uk store in westfield stratford on march 27 . lindex wanted models who do good things outside of the fashion world for its campaign , so brought in christy .
former royal chef darren mcgrady said that as children the brothers swapped the instructions from their nanny for their own in which they asked for fast food . william and harry were apparently fed up with the endless diet of traditional english food so wanted a change . he said that their ` juvenile handwriting gave their identity away ' .
the mole urban project aims to reduce the level of road freight within urban areas by using freight pipelines . the firm is now looking to see if the concept could be used within the town of northampton and if results are positive . the development project is set to last nine months and if successful could be rolled out in other towns .
jodie bredo , 26 , from essex , has been a kate lookalike for six years . she wishes the duchess of cambridge would ` change her hair for once ' . jodie , who is now single after splitting from her boyfriend , says she fancies prince harry more .
the uk was singled out as having a problem with household debt . along with portugal -- lumping britain together with a country that was forced to seek emergency funding during the eurozone crisis . the findings are a stark reminder that the recovery remains fragile . both the tories and labour have promised to step-up house building after the general election .
aidan fraley , 16 , says his father eric harris , 73 , should have been in a retirement home , not out there on the scene killing my dad ' . fraley says all the tulsa police who allowed bates to become a cop should be held accountable for his death . his own mother -- who calls harris her ` soulmate ' -- has already forgiven his killer .
the trade union firebrand 's manner was as warm as the weather . he conducted a two-day tour of the principality to drum up support for labour 's cause . his gospel of traditional hard-left socialism goes down well with the converted , as does his hackneyed anti-conservative bile .
norma esparza , who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case , said from the stand that her ex-boyfriend , gianni van , now 45 , was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out gonzalo ramirez . van is now charged with the murder of ramirez , whose blindfolded , bloodied body was found on the side of an irvine , california road having suffered 30 blows with a cleaver . van
the app , honest , allows users to pose questions , remain anonymous and get feedback from fellow anonymous users . so now you can ask those taboo questions without blushing . the personal dilemmas posted range from relationship questions such as ` i 'm getting married next week and i 'll work it out ? ' .
liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe in the past few days . sterling is considering his future at liverpool , and ibe are considered as the two brightest stars to emerge at the club as they battle to stay among the barclays premier league pacesetters .
the 23-year-old serbian-born fashion star said she was advised not to undergo her gender reassignment surgery because it would transform her from an enigma into just another pretty girl . andreja , who underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year , said she is the new face of make up for ever .
the burger chain contacted the newly-engaged couple via skype and gave them the good news . bk will be paying for the wedding and providing personalized gift bags , mason jars and burger king crowns . the couple has been known as burger-king since they were in the fifth grade together , in new berlin , illinois .
survey of 4,000 undecided voters found a slim majority have been more impressed with the performance of the prime minister than that of ed miliband during the election campaign . also suggests nicky morgan is set to hold her marginal seat in loughborough . today 's comres survey found that 37 per cent of floating voters have been impressed with mr cameron 's performance on the campaign trail .
us scientists have found a way to use discarded corn husks and stalks to make cheap hydrogen fuel that does n't pollute the environment like fossil fuels . the breakthrough could one day see the fuel being produced locally and drivers stopping to refuel their vehicles at roadside bioreactors instead of pumping petrol into their motor .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 under the subject line : ` great article on writing briefs ' . however , when recipients opened the enclosed link , philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of ' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' . the university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature .
the church of scientology is one on a long list of organisations who have been barred from using the anzac brand by the department of veteran affairs . out of 384 applications that have inundated the department over the past 12 months about 80 per cent have been approved to use the word anzac . forty-four items were rejected for a range of reasons , including it was too commercial or its name was inappropriate .
the gang broke into an aviary and bundled 200 of the animals into sacks and containers around 3.30 am on january 12 . cctv showed the men took the birds to a tower block in walsall , west midlands , and dumped them on the floor before kicking them and forcing them out of barely open windows . three men and a youth have been convicted of their involvement and will be sentenced next month .
dawn milosky , 45 , has been charged with driving while intoxicated and having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle . the vehicle 's horn was honking but when one of the officers ran over and shouted at the driver , it was apparant that she has been knocked out . with smoke already coming from the vehicle the officers had to act fast to get the injured woman free .
the marine mammal was discovered bleeding from its head along the south end of sharp park state beach in pacifica on tuesday . scientists and biologists sought to determine how the massive animal died . it is the seventeenth dead sperm whale to beach along the north coast of california in over the 40 years .
jessica silva 's ex partner sent her a text message threatening to ` cave her f *** ing head in ' and ` bash the f *** ' out of her before arriving at her marrickville home . fearing for her life , ms silva called her brother to come help her and sent her mother a desperate text message that said , ` mum , the psycho is coming ' . during a candid interview with 60 minutes , mr polkinghorne has outlined the terrifying incident and has
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia and it 's bigger than israel . the eleven cattle farms cover over 100,000 square kilometres and are being sold by the family business s. kidman and co. . all of the farms include the original equipment as well as the stock which is a beneficial deal with the 11 properties currently have 155,000 more calves on the way .
two women aged 47 and 22 held at manchester airport in early hours . they were among eight relatives stopped at turkish border with syria on april 1 . university student waheed ahmed , 21 , son of labour councillor shakil ahmed . he was held on suspicion of preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism .
the first lady and ` grandmother-in-chief ' dined at lupa , a small italian eatery on thompson street in new york 's greenwich village on saturday . batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the ` chef 's roman tasting menu ' .
aeman presley , 34 , faces charges for the killing of two homeless men in atlanta , another man sleeping outdoors in dekalb county and a hairdresser in a parking garage in decatur . presley settled into a homeless shelter and worked small food service jobs , but when his money ran low , he bought a taurus .45 revolver ` on the street ' to use in robberies .
alanna and stephen goetzinger lost their daughter during a stillbirth . coroner james mcdougall found that rana had died either ` during or shortly after birth ' from meconium aspiration , a condition where a foetus inhales their faeces before birth . the couple have spoken out against the coroner 's report which blames their midwife .
tracey sultan was gunned down shortly before 10pm last night at the back of the herbs n spice takeaway that he ran in south shields . witnesses report seeing two men wearing crash helmets and dressed in dark clothing on a motorbike driving away from the area . south tyneside superintendent sav patsalos said the investigation into the murder of tipu sultan is in its early stages .
neil moore , 28 , was on remand at wandsworth prison in south-west london . he emailed wardens posing as a court clerk manager at ` southwalk crown court ' . allowed fraudster to brazenly walk out of prison on march 10 last year . only became apparent three days later when his solicitors attended the prison for a conference with him .
united launch alliance has unveiled a radical plans to launch a reusable rocket named ` vulcan ' in 2019 . vulcan will use new engines , mid-air recovery and a new upper stage aimed at enabling complex on-orbit manoeuvres . the aim of both spacex and ula is to end us dependence on russian-built rocket engines , but the technology has so far proven difficult .
more than a third of mothers clothed their second baby in one or more hand-me-downs , with 46 per cent giving them toys bought for their elder sibling . only 23 per cent have a keepsake for their second , a report by debenhams found . the duke of cambridge has 124m images and mentions on social media of him as a toddler compared with 116m for the younger brother .
cassandra cassidy had been stopped outside the addiction recovery centre where she worked shortly after 10pm on friday by two females ` afraid of males in a car ' . the fashion design student was shot as a car occupied by multiple people drove past while she was talking to the women , and died shortly afterwards . ms cassidy was mortally wounded and taken to university medical center where she died .
kim sears saw her husband-to-be andy murray lose to novak djokovic in the men 's final at the miami open . the 27-year-old wore a short black silk dress with a zip front and a large straw hat to keep her glowing complexion intact for her wedding . on march 3 kim watched murray , 27 , beat tomas berdych of the czech republic in their semi-final match in a high necked black
james tingley , 70 , was convicted on march 3 of heinous sex crimes against two girls over a six year period . his crimes span a period of 50 years . a prosecutor told the court that police know of at least five other girls abused but they believe there may be more . he 's used them to meet all of his sexual needs .
more than a thousand disappointed university of kentucky fans gathered near the school 's lexington campus saturday night . the wildcats faced off against the university of wisconsin badgers in saturday 's semi-final game , breaking their winning streak with a 71-64 loss . now , its wisconsin heading to monday 's final to play duke - their first final since 1941 .
canadian bloggers dalene and peter heck were recognised with an award from national geographic after leaving birmingham in july 2013 . house-sitting is one of the easiest ways to trim costs on a trip abroad because it eliminates the need to spend a huge amount of money on accommodation . properties are advertised on a number of websites , including trustedhousesitters.com , which charges a membership fee of # 5.99 a month .
gareth huw davies enjoys the new stability on the teardrop-shaped island in the indian ocean . the modern seema malaka temple , colombo , sri lanka , is the island 's ancient name . serendipity was seeing dozens of candles flickering in the dense dark outside a buddhist temple .
chinese tourist cai xia liao , 45 , has been charged with their murder . a fundraising page set up by friends of the family to help pay funeral expenses has raised almost $ 50,000 in less than a week . hours earlier her grandson , alistair , 4 , was stabbed 18 times as he slept in his bed .
alan davey laid bare difficulties of station 's top job in interview on radio 4 's feedback programme . he said : ` if you look back at the third programme -lrb- the original name for radio 3 -rrb- they were bringing high culture to a relatively mass audience but they could assume that their audience knew everything ' .
keir starmer was in charge when operation elveden began its tainted ` witch hunt ' into tabloid journalists . starting with dawn raids on suspects ' homes , mass arrests and long periods of bail , it ended in not guilty verdicts . will now prompt a fresh examination of the tenure of the most controversial dpp of modern times .
mario valencia is captured walking along a street in marana , northwest of tucson , carrying what appears to be a rifle . he points the loaded weapon into the air and a shot rings out . but apparently ignoring his advice , rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward valencia . seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body .
houston owner safer hassan has 30 days to get rid of the license plate ' 370h55v . the texan department for motor vehicles saw it spelled ` a ** hole ' upside-down . in texas , numerous naughty drivers have tried to get illicit sayings put on plates for their vehicles .
april morris of bennettsville thought she 'd never see her beloved pit bull , nina louise , again after she went astray in december 2013 . months of searching and a $ 500 cash reward proved fruitless . but this past saturday she could n't believe her eyes when she saw footage of the malnourished pup 's heartbreaking rescue on local news . morris called the local humane society to claim the pit bull and identified her by detailing two white spots
angela merkel and her spouse have been spending easter on the island of ischia , near naples in the mediterranean for over a decade . the couple traditionally spend their holiday at the five-star miramare spa hotel on the south of the island . prices start at # 160 per night but can go up to # 280 for some of the more expensive suites .
the royal county of berkshire polo club has quickly become one of britain 's most elite sporting venues since the prince of wales joined when it was founded in 1982 . but attempts to cash in on this elite status by launching a brand of fashion and polo-related goods have been scuppered by the european court .
mei ru , 50 , and her husband song ming , 53 , were going shopping when she parked the car outside the local supermarket in the city of fuzhou , south east china . cctv from the scene shows mr ming climbing out of the passenger door and going to stand behind the car when his wife suddenly reverses . mr song was rushed to hospital where surgeons battled to save his life , but he died from massive internal bleeding and broken ribs .
nigel farage attacked high cost of giving anti-retroviral drugs to sufferers . half of voters agree with ukip that immigrants should not immediately receive free hiv treatment , a poll suggests . chancellor george osborne said he was ` not going to dignify that with a response ' .
the research into the rise of the ` insta-wardrobe ' revealed nearly one third buy new clothes just to avoid being multi-tagged in the same outfit . brits spend # 815m a year to ` social media proof ' their wardrobe . almost a fifth said they would refuse to wear an outfit again if they knew there was a chance of appearing wearing the same thing online .
claudia alende , 21 , launched a scathing attack on current title-holder indianara carvalho , claiming the model had ` revealed who she truly is ' . she posted the picture to her instagram account the day the country 's 130million catholics solemnly remembered the crucifixion and death of christ .
charles collins , 28 , sprang into action at the metro station in central philadelphia when elderly alfred mcnamee lost his footing and fell onto the rails . surveillance footage of the dramatic incident shows collins walking to the edge of the platform of the septa subway 's 15th street station . collins stepped forward to speak about his actions as footage was broadcast on tv screens and online across the nation .
valbona yzeiraj was arrested on thursday and pleaded not guilty to charges of assault , unauthorized practice of a profession and reckless endangerment . the 45-year-old woman , from white plains , did injections in people 's mouths , performed root canals and on several occasions pulled patients ' teeth . dr jeffrey schoengold became suspicious when at least four people complained over work he had not done .
the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . steve esmond and his wife , dr theresa devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa condominium resort . sean , 16 , and ryan , 14 , were in critical condition .
dr urho kujala , of the university of jyvaskyla , said physical activity has already been linked to a number of health benefits . they recruited 10 pairs of identical twins , who were all men aged 32 to 36 years . but he and his team wanted to understand how exercise affects the brain .
femail has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be . black vases will be on sale after halloween , red and gold after valentine 's day . money saving sites such as groupon offer entire wedding day packages . there 's something for everyone without unnecessary drinking and spending .
jeremy clarkson will appear as a guest presenter on the bbc show on april 25 . it is believed he was booked to appear on the show before he was dropped from top gear after a ` fracas ' with producer oisin tymon . the former top gear host will appear on have i got news for you .
gary saurage , 45 , who runs the gator country wildlife park in beaumont , texas , was called out on monday morning to catch a giant 400lb , 11ft-long alligator from a family 's backyard pond . he appears to looking at the creature directly in the eyes as it lurks in the bushes just a few feet away . art williams , of groves , was the one who spotted the reptile in his garden over easter weekend .
the white house kitchen garden was full of school children on wednesday afternoon as flotus oversaw a session of planting spinach , broccoli , lettuce , radish and bok choy . the first lady was on hand to present 15-time grammy winner alicia keys with the recording academy 's recording artists ' coalition award .
bramble ski created a private ice bar for guests at one of its chalets in verbier , switzerland . the live-in tailor was demanded to make all the ski and apres ski outfits to a group of guests ' personal tastes and cost # 1,700 to hire . it was on standby for two weeks at a cost of # 1400 per day .
khim hang , 22 , displayed his bold collection han with brooding models donning stocking caps and attire that could be likened to that of war soldiers . the brisbane-based designer has also spoken about his hesitance to visit cambodia after the horror his parents went through trying to flee pol pot .
video footage appears to show manchester city supporters singing a vile song about the munich air disaster outside old trafford . it shows police on horseback on the forecourt behind the away section struggling to keep the two sets of rival fans apart . a handful of fans of manuel pellegrini 's side were thrown out by stewards after being accused of making aeroplane gestures mocking the crash .
pj and tracy spraggins together lost 145lbs in one year . the next day the couple from birmingham , alabama , were dealt a blow . pj embarked on a relentless fitness regime in december 2014 . in february , they went under the knife together . after a year of grueling dieting and exercise , they got the green light .
jerusalem syndrome is characterised by seven stages , including anxiety , the need to be clean , before donning a toga-like gown often made from hotel bed linen . a procession or march to one of the city 's holy places , is then finally followed by the delivery of a ` sermon ' .
snp leader used a bbc tv debate to offer to ` lock david cameron out of downing street ' -- even if labour has fewer seats than the tories in a hung parliament . she was deemed the best performer by 35 per cent of viewers to the labour leader 's 29 per cent .
british photographer laura stevens ' photo series ` another november ' captures the stages grief following the breakdown of a relationship . the 38-year-old directed other women to portray the emotional stages often experienced following a break-up from loneliness to loss of appetite . she said the project helped her deal with her own emotions .
manziel and colleen crowley were spotted together in public for the first time since he entered rehab when they attended tuesday night 's texas rangers game . crowley has been taking heat on instagram for refusing to give up her wild ways while manziel was being treated for his unspecified problems . on tuesday , crowley posted a video on her instagram page of the texan socialite enjoying a drunken night out with friends .
the shares are one of the most popular in the uk due to the hugely successful ` tell sid ' campaign when british gas was privatised . last night shares in what is now called the bg group rose by nearly 30 per cent to 1,153 p . news of the deal has driven up the price of shares in bg now owned by people who originally bought bg shares in 1986 .
yin yunfeng spent the last week of his annual holiday making all sorts of stir-fried dishes as well as about 1,000 dumplings as a way to show his love to his wife . the devoted husband is worried his wife would be eating instant noodles all the time so he cooked different types of dishes .
the fire along the border of cities norco and corona , 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles , resulted in hundreds of people to being told to evacuate the are area . by midday , sunday , fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire , which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles . the area that is burning has up to 3 feet of ` duff ' -- needles , leaves and other combustible plant debris .
nathan baggaley has been taken back into custody after allegedly assaulting a police officer . the 39-year-old was allegedly caught along with two other men in a toilet cubicle with white powder . the kayker was reportedly disgruntled and allegedly slapped the hand of an officer before walking away . he was taken into custody and charged with resisting police and escaping custody .
pippa , 31 , looked chic as ever in a tweedy skirt , black blouse and cropped black blazer . the brunette writer accessorised her look with a black tote , # 159 black pumps by jemima vine and oversized sunglasses . pippa is a regular columnist for the weekly cultural and political magazine .
the two-bedroomed terraced house - number 20 the lindens in new addington , near croydon , south london , was bulldozed in june 2013 . neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that happened there . two new houses have been built , which will be numbered 19a and 19b , completely wiping number 20 from the map .
aubrey de grey says ageing is a ` disease that can and should be cured ' with his rasputin beard and lines etched deep into his forehead . de grey 's theories have gained him some high-profile supporters in silicon valley , the super-rich tech enclave in northern california .
israeli jews stood in silence as traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out . commemorations began at sunset on wednesday and were to continue thursday with israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at jerusalem 's yad vashem holocaust memorial . the annual memorial day commemorates the six million jews killed by the nazis during world war two .
11-week-old qingqing is in a critical condition in hospital in china . her parents left her by herself while they worked in nearby fields . but on the day of the attack , she and her husband fed their daughter . but ms li could not stop thinking about her daughter so returned home .
camgap is free for ios and android and was created by julian kab . before a night out , one user creates an event and becomes that event 's host . they can then add friends to the event at any point until the event ends . photos and videos can be taken using the app and each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears .
jacques lamerde - which roughly translates to ` jack sh ' - pokes fun at high-end dining by dressing up cheap , fattening , convenience store goods . one description , featuring a hot pocket , read : ` hay-baked hot pockets with hidden valley bacon ranch spheres and a puree of zoodles ' .
the two primates , currently living in a lab at stony brook university , are the first animals in history to be covered by a writ of habeas corpus . a representative of the long island university have been ordered to appear in court to respond to a petition by the nonhuman rights project that chimps hercules and leo are ` unlawfully detained ' .
charnelle hughes , 20 , was stood near the bar at the adelphi pub in preston reading a text message , when she was struck in the face by a pint glass . witnesses said goode picked up the glass before spinning 180 degrees on his feet before launching it across the room . she now has to see a facial specialist and has been warned that her facial features may drop .
chloe knapton had to have surgery after a stranger smashed down her car window while she was sitting in a traffic jam . the 21-year-old dancer has released shocking photos which show the extent of the young woman 's injuries . she has been left with deep wounds to her shoulder , neck , nose and mouth following the attack .
delroy facey , 34 , is alleged to have become involved in the ` ugly side ' of his sport by acting as a middleman for two men who have already been convicted of match-fixing . facey denies conspiracy to commit bribery and is standing trial at birmingham crown court alongside former non-league player moses swaibu .
italian coast guard helped save 144 migrants monday from a capsized boat . more than 8,000 migrants took advantage of calm weather to cross the mediterranean over the past weekend . charity save the children said the boat , carrying about 550 people , flipped over 24 hours after leaving the libyan coast .
eric coins , who was drinking in the city of sunrise , posted the video to youtube accusing the man of wearing the uniform to get free drinks and meet women . in the footage , a young man is seen asking the alleged fake service member , a series of questions including where he did his basic training in north carolina . the young man asks the ` fake army infantryman ' where his name badge is as he replies he ` took it out ' because he ` does not want nobody knowing his name '
lauren perry , 25 , had her waters break just 23 weeks into her pregnancy . her twins mason and chloe were delivered early via an emergency caesarean at 30 weeks . eight months later when mason was admitted to hospital to have his colostomy removed he nearly lost his life to a dangerous flesh-eating virus . after the surgery , mason started going down hill pretty quickly .
umares beaudoin , 39 , of texas , is accusing of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake , ulysses nelson , when the young man tried to intercede on behalf of his mother . deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9amm at 6622 gordon drive in the bear creek meadows subdivision . the boy ran to a neighbor for help , crying hysterically and begging her to call 911 and then check up on his older brother , who
there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia . in the final week of our major good health series on dementia , we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier . this marks the beginning of the middle stage , which can last for several years .
christopher eccleston has suggested he quit the show after falling out . the 51-year-old actor played the doctor for just 13 episodes in 2005 . he proved a huge hit with fans , but only stayed for one run . he has previously hinted about a row with the show 's bosses .
peter hamilton heard her cries as he was passing by and desperately tried to free her from her restraints . she told him that her kidnapper was still inside , but had fallen asleep . mr hamilton wanted to call the police but had left his cell phone at home , forcing him to take out the only item he had on him - the nail clippers .
ecuador 's leader rafael correa posed for a photo next to a boy wearing an ` i 'm with stupid ' t-shirt . the 52-year-old is said to be able to speak fluent english . it is now trending with the hashtag #iamwithstupidmashi .
thieves targeted 294 security vaults during a break-in at the volksbank in steglitz , berlin , in january 2013 . the gang , who fled the bank with diamonds , gold and silver worth more than # 8.3 m , have never been found . case has strikingly similar traits to the # 60m heist in london .
alexander litvinenko died of radiation poisoning in november 2006 . dmitri kovtun insisted he was not involved in mr litvin 's death . said he was carrying around polonium rather than being given it . claimed he was given the right to examine secret evidence put forward .
the toddler 's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell into the pit on saturday around 3pm . the child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . the boy 's leg was injured in the fall , but he was not attacked by the animals .
journalist gianna toboni traveled to india to explore the country 's rapidly growing , yet unregulated , gestational surrogacy industry for hbo documentary series vice . for nearly two years , the producer and host has been reporting on current issues across the globe and has covered everything from the detention center at guantanamo bay to the effect of climate change on polar bears . but nothing could have prepared her for the moment when someone offered to sell her a baby over dinner while she was working
colin cromie told xara grogan , 29 , they should jet to barcelona for a break . but when she turned down his advances their working relationship soured . he would also snatch instruments from her in the surgery and be ` abrupt and rude ' . mr crombergie , 49 , told her she would be ` out on her ear ' if she joined a union .
todd kincannon , 33 , was arrested and booked into the lexington county detention center on monday evening . an arrest warrant alleges that his wife , ashely griffith , told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a march 26 argument in their car , ` squeezing it tightly , thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle ' . according to kkk , he ` accidentally overdosed ' on the prescription drug benzonatate -- which he says he was taking to deal with an upper
victorino chua , 49 , denies murdering patients tracey arden , 44 , arnold lancaster , 71 , and derek weaver , 83 , at stepping hill hospital in stockport . prosecution claim the defendant changed tack in january 2012 amid an ongoing police investigation and increased security when he deliberately altered drug dosages on prescription charts . his barrister , peter griffiths qc , told the defendant that he would ask him some questions about his family and personal life
sue perkins told twitter followers she 'd like to see her burn to death . the great british bake off presenter told followers she was ` off twitter for a bit ' . her co-star paul hollywood wrote : ` there are some strange people out there but nicer people too be with you soon sis xx ' .
st george 's county asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients . it closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it . shattered doors , overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the grade ii listed asylum in stafford . there are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis .
the freshmen students from yichuan , shaanxi province took the exam on saturday in the first attempt by the school to allow pupils to sit exams in the open . the school said the reason behind the unusual move was the lack of sufficient indoor space - and added that it could be a test of the students ' organizing capacity .
nina anderson , 78 , searched pawn shops near her house in portsmouth . gold and silver necklaces worth nearly # 400 were taken from her bedroom . great-grandmother , who lives with husband maurice , 75 , eventually spotted two of the stolen items in the window of a cash and cheque express in the city centre . her actions mirror those of agatha christie character miss marple , who was played on itv by actress geraldine mcewan between 2004
a 1-year-old girl was shot in the head as she sat in a car with her parents in what suburban seattle police initially described as an apparent case of road rage . the baby was in ` very critical condition ' friday , a day after the shooting , said susan gregg , a spokeswoman for harborview medical center in seattle . the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire , then drove off , but police did not give details on the possible conflict between the people
shadow chancellor said the letter was just a ` jokey note ' . he said : ` dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid there is no money . kind regards -- and good luck ! liam ' . mr ball said labour would cut the deficit -- still running at # 90billion a year .
larche wright , 27 , was arrested on saturday after the suspect 's friend reported seeing wright pour gasoline on her daughter then light her with a match . when paramedics arrived at the sacramento home , the seven-year-old girl was covered in serious burns . wright has a criminal history with charges that include prostitution , disorderly conduct , and domestic violence .
australian pm tony abbott sends naval gunboats to turn back asylum seekers before they reach australia . his hardline policy has proved controversial . but mr abbott said it was the only way to prevent disasters such as the loss of 900 lives when a fishing boat capsized .
charlotte cosby has lost two and a half stone over the past year . the geordie shore star is looking thinner than ever . some have questioned whether the 24-year-old has taken things too far . charlotte is not the only newcastle resident to have lost weight .
carl hendrick , head of learning and research at wellington college , berkshire , has attacked the ` tidal wave of guff ' in classrooms . these ` missives in mediocrity ' often tell pupils to ` live your dream ' and ` be all that you can be ' , it has been claimed .
ashy bines mistakenly advertised the price of one of her courses as $ us49 ,500 - ten times it 's real $ usd4950 price . ms bines apologised to her ` very angry and upset ' followers after an extra zero was added to the cost of the yearlong program . the real price being a tenth of that , or $ 4,950 , was meant to be 10 % of the price .
kenneth wanamaker jr , 37 , pleaded guilty on friday , weeks before a scheduled trial in the northhampton county , pennsylvania , case against him . the vast majority of his daughter 's teeth were found to be in a possibly fatal condition -lrb- august 14 -rrb- . fourteen of the girl 's 20 teeth were either abscessed , and two more needed to be pulled or had severe root and tooth decay .
about two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before . but smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent . the cdc report is based on a national survey of about 22,000 students at middle schools and high schools , both public and private .
bobby flay is said to be offering his soon-to-be ex-wife just $ 5,000 a month - despite a personal worth of more than $ 20million . the report also claims that the prenup contains a clause that allows the chef buy her out of the $ 8million marital home for just $ 1million . flay filed for divorce on friday , just one day after it emerged he had separated from his wife of ten years .
tyoch mavis was brought to arlington park in mobile sometime last weekend by her owner for a fishing trip . the man 's brother , chris wilson , told wwlp the alligator attacked her after it jumped out of the water . lavirriere was filmed holding a young girl crying , and told her ` stop , you 're going to make me cry ' .
one teenager has told greater manchester police he was beaten up by the gang , who reportedly tricked him into believing he was meeting an underage girl in a church car park after dark . when he got there he was attacked by a gang of men who accused him of being a paedophile . he has been bailed while police investigate .
ricky ricardo chiles iii , 27 , killed himself with a single shot as police closed in on him at the presidential inn & suites in lyon , illinois on thursday . archie brown jr , 40 , struck and killed the gunman 's two-year-old nephew damani terry after he darted into the street in front of brown 's van . damani 's brother , rasheed and also the nephew of chiles , was struck by the gunfire
the images were captured between 1850 and 1855 by photographer hugh owen . they are due to go up for auction in cirencester tomorrow . everything from the waterfront , city centre and st mary redcliffe church can be seen in the shots , as well as the fourteen stars tavern building .
irish travellers had refused to budge despite facing three courts , a planning inquiry and a council . locals in hardhorn , lancashire , accused the group of trashing their leafy village and branded them the ` neighbours from hell ' . the group claimed the eviction ` violated ' the human rights of the 39 children living on the site in 60 caravans .
apple has bought israel-based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $ 20 million -lrb- # 13.5 million -rrb- . linx makes ` multi-aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology . the technology could be added to the next-generation iphones and ipads .
supermodel liya kebede has become the first black woman to grace the cover of vogue in five years . the 39-year-old ethiopian-born stunner fronts vogue paris ' upcoming may issue . in january of this year , british vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover .
sophie english was one of thousands of babies who was born at the height of the vietnam war and adopted by an australian family . she was finally given a chance to find closure with abc 's foreign correspondent sally sara who travelled with her to the country . ms english has always struggled with the pain of not knowing her birth mother and wondering what her life could have been .
the comic and feminist campaigner recalled an incident at the new york comedy club when she claimed she was paid less than her male counterpart . but silverman has been forced to apologize and revealed she fabricated the story . she stressed that critics should not use the story as a way to undermine the gender pay gap campaign .
jason rezaian , 39 , was jailed in tehran on july 22 last year . he was officially charged in december but details of the charges had never been released . ahsan , who said she had access to the complete criminal file , said it contained ` no justifiable proof ' against her .
finley lamb suffers from rare brain abnormality periventricular nodular heterotopia - which means many of his ` grey matter ' cells have not migrated to the correct position . the five-year-old amazed mother sara when he took his first steps last year and has continued to defy the odds by starting primary school .
the labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in africa . he also called on the uk to take a ` fare share ' of refugees fleeing civil war . mr miliband 's remarks came amid growing alarm over the number of desperate families risking their lives to escape the raging civil wars .
` goblins ' are scientifically known as ` hoodoos ' - rock protrusions consisting of relatively soft rock topped by harder stone that preserves each column 's spire-like shape from weather erosion . but the mushroom like structures and hiking trails winding through this unearthly landscape , make this a popular attraction for tourists .
the edwardian-style building and shopfront on brunswick street in fitzroy was once owned by wei tang who was convicted in 2006 of keeping five thai women as sex slaves . the brothel , formerly known as club 417 , has six bedrooms each with its own shower or spa , as well as a large lounge with a bar and a sitting room . the property even comes with a brothel licence , according to the advertisement .
ranulfo perez , 48 , was arrested by police after he allegedly groped a 16-year-old girl who was outside a toys r us store as she was shown round with her tour group . he was later released by the manhattan district attorney over concerns that the teenager lost sight of her attacker . the incident is the latest involving people dressed up as costumed characters in times square , amid claims of sexual harassment and disorder .
the rosehall estate near inverness boasts a 22-room main house along with 700 acres of land and five separate out buildings . it was built in the 1820 but its most colourful period of its history was during the 1920s after it was bought by hugh ` bendor ' grosvenor . miss chanel would love to fish on the estate 's river , catching more than 50 salmon , according to former prime minister winston churchill .
charlie adusah , 41 , was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath . her husband , eric isaiah , was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly . he told hotel managers at the time his three-month pregnant wife was ill and did not want to be disturbed .
leroy j. toppins went missing on friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio . his body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry , a short distance from where he was last seen . search crews had been combing through the area for almost 24 hours , but were hampered by the area 's conditions .
people who have never been divorced can expect a retirement income 13 % higher than a colleague who has been through a divorce . it means an extra # 2,100 a year -- # 17,800 rather than # 15,700 -- to anyone who has kept their marriage intact . one in five divorcees who stop work this year will retire with debts to drag down their disposable income and their lifestyles .
the number of female genital cosmetic operations performed on the nhs has risen five-fold in the past 10 years . the trend is reflected in australia where procedures have more than doubled in the same time period . labial reduction procedures - surgery to reduce the size of the inner ` lips ' of the vagina .
the indian creek island road , the most exclusive area in miami , boasts a median house price of $ 21.48 million . the area 's tiny population of 86 includes four of america 's top 500 richest people , according to forbes . the island has its own police force which guards all of the amenities , including a private 18-hole golf course .
the tiny montana outpost was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver . local folklore says the area is haunted by former residents , with visitors saying they heard music and laughter . now the u.s. bureau of land management is offering free food , housing a job to people willing to live in garnet and work as a tour operator .
global megastar kim kardashian has published an extract from the star 's book selfish revealing what she dines on each day . kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband kanye west .
hannah overton , 37 , wiped back tears as she , along with her husband and five children , celebrated news that after having her conviction overturned . prosecutors have dropped all charges against her and will no longer be looking into her case . throughout her incarceration , her family stood by her and protested her innocence , but nueces county district attorney mark skurka had said he would push again for capital murder charges .
teachers say youngsters have been playing truant as they attempt to find instant stardom on the itv talent show . the move has helped reduce unauthorised absence levels in some schools on the days of auditions . simon cowell has defended allowing young children to take part in britain 's got talent .
the # 9 homemade rowing boat was built with discarded scraps from house conversions including loft insulation board and polystyrene . the men cobbled it together using insulation boards , scrap plywood , laminate flooring , coat hangers and silicone glue . they got the materials to build the boat for free and spent # 9 on silicone glue to hold the boat together .
christy turlington , 46 , is gearing up for the london marathon on 26 april . she suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter grace , now 11 , said today she 's feeling ` stronger and healthier ' than ever . the former supermodel insists that childbirth was by far her toughest challenge yet .
daniel p. finney , 39 , of iowa , ignored that at 563lbs he was severely overweight - even shrugging off strangers who called him ` fatty ' as he walked down the street . but after a series of health issues , the 39-year-old became inspired to shed more than half of his body weight the natural way and chronicle his journey for the des moines register .
deputy prime minister said he would not allow the lib dems to prop up david cameron in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash # 12billion from the benefits bill . mr clegg accused the tories of ` lashing out ' at labour because they knew they could not win the election .
gisele bundchen , 34 , was seen walking for colcci during são paulo fashion week in her native brazil . the mother-of-two sizzled in a pretty white embroidered halterneck dress along with some black knee-high gladiator-style boots .
the highway heist occurred on march 1 in wilson county , almost halfway into the truck 's journey from miami to boston . police have previously said they suspected it was an inside job because the 18-wheeler truck - owned by transport company transvalue - pulled over when one of the guards on board ` felt sick ' . the gold totaled $ 4.8 million , but the truck was carrying about $ 10 million worth of metal , so the thieves left half the load - mostly silver
england beat norway 2-2 at the seaview stadium on thursday night . 22 women from england and norway 's under 19 sides got together for a couple of minutes of football . leah williamson stood up , a player for arsenal ladies but virtually anonymous in wider conversations about football .
police raided alan greaves 's home in colne , lancashire in september 2013 . the father-of-eight claimed he was framed by the illuminati . he said the group ` disseminates ' such material and images ended up on his computer . greaves pleaded guilty to two offences of making indecent images .
david wihby , 61 , was arrested on friday in nashua on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on saturday . he is a former longtime manchester city alderman . former deputy commissioner and interim commissioner of the state department of labor .
chris appleton , who has been working with natural brunette rita , confessed to daily mail online that her demanding haircare routine does require a hefty amount of work and ` maintenance ' . according to chris , rita 's blonde locks need to be colored every three weeks , a process which can dry out the hair if done too frequently .
angela maxwell said she would not give up her five-hour shift preparing meals . the 67-year-old was seen arriving at coningsby community hall yesterday . her husband richard stunned her with the news they won # 53million . they said they would buy a new minibus for pensioners in the community .
the ss city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a u-boat 480 miles south of st helena . it was long assumed that the vessel 's cargo , belonging to the uk treasury , would be lost forever such was the complexity of the task facing salvage experts .
at least 34 people were arrested after hundreds of protesters gathered in new york city on tuesday night to march against police brutality . the march was organized by national actions to stop murder by police . many of the protesters cited the deaths of eric garner in staten island and walter scott in south carolina .
jason lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to ` shut the f *** up ' so her friends in the next room would not hear . the assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ` hysterical ' state she was unable to talk . lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was ` no big deal ' and dismissively told the first police officer : ` we 're good , you can
researchers at maastricht university in holland have shown that students who were able to buy the drug from coffee shops were five percent less likely to pass their courses . at the same time , foreign students who did not have ready access to the mind bending drug did better on average .
a new channel 4 series shines a light on the uk 's billion-pound supercar industry . some of the best salespeople can turn over millions of pounds of profit every year . saba syed and husband sheikh amari run one of the country 's leading supercar dealerships exporting dream cars across the globe .
lord janner was one of the most prominent labour politicians and campaigners of his time . he qualified as a barrister in 1954 and was appointed a qc in 1971 . he has fought tirelessly for the return of jewish assets held in swiss banks by the nazis , and was made a life peer on his retirement from the commons .
violeta tupuola , who lives near canberra , has joined the #kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media of placing the opening of any narrow vessel over their mouth . in an attempt to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout , violeta had such protruding lips that social media users have compared her to a duck . the video starts off with violeta putting lip gloss on her already luscious lips before she suctioning the
stella schaefer is being cared for in prison by heather mack , 19 , who allegedly murdered her socialite mother sheila von wiese-mack in a plush bali hotel last august . while stella was being looked after by a friend outside the court today , a blanket fell away , revealing the child 's face to the world for the first time . the little girl was kept outside denpasar district court while her parents appeared briefly , before a panel of
researchers plan to drill 5,000 feet -lrb- 1,500 meters -rrb- below the surface of the chicxulub crater in mexico to try and answer the question of how the dinosaurs died out . it could help uncover exactly what happened to create the crater - and if it killed off the dinosaurs . a heat pulse lasted less than a minute , too short to set plants alight . the impact site is believed to be the 125 mile -lrb
natasha hope-simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 . she lost a part of her left leg below the knee and has a handicap permit on her car but that was not enough to convince a furious onlooker that she has a true handicap .
chinese man , from changsha , was involved in the accident on march 24 . all 17 of his girlfriends turned up to see him - some for up to nine years . doctors contacted all of them to let them know he had been injured . other girls said they had started planning their weddings with mr yuan .
businessman martin johnson , 46 , was walking his granddaughter home . he narrowly missed being caught up in the crash in beaumont leys , leicestershire . the 202mph supercar was a write-off because he would just ` buy another one tomorrow ' . onlookers claimed the owner of the supercar crashed close to a school .
the unidentified newark resident , 22 , said he recognized the rapper , whose real name is earl simmons , while at an exxon station on sunday . police said the victim reported that he had a brief conversation with dmx about rap music around 12.30 am . during the conversation a male in dmx 's entourage showed the victim a gun and demanded the victim 's money . dmx was scheduled to perform on saturday night at the master of ceremony concert at the new
scarface and godfather actor al pacino is offering die-hard fans the chance to fly with him on a private jet with him from glasgow to london . the unusual meet and greet is part of a ticket package offered by a cambridge-based tour operator ahead of pacino 's three-city speaking tour in the uk and ireland .
two people were treated at the scene by paramedics in goodge street . it forced the closure of the road near the junction with tottenham court road . the four-vehicle pile-up also involved an audi tt , believed to have been operated as a minicab . it caused significant disruption for traffic in central london .
corey edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect . he endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life . his parents jemma , 21 , and craig , 28 , were warned he had days to live . to grant the little boy 's final wish , staff at bristol children 's hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside .
the thief scaled a two-storey antique market before breaking into a rooftop vent and squeezing down a narrow shaft to reach the store . he picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor ` like a snake ' to avoid triggering infrared security beams . the eight-minute raid has been likened to a mission impossible film .
karen was towed at 10 knots during yesterday 's incident 18 miles from ardglass on the south-east shore of northern ireland . the 60-foot boat 's captain paul murphy was pictured holding a snapped steel cable aboard his boat . nato exercises were held this week in northern scotland and ardglass fishing representative dick james said the alliance 's drills may have attracted russian interest .
rodney stover , 48 , a convicted sex offender lived in bellevue men 's shelter with a group of convicted pedophiles , rapists , and other sex-offenders . the dilapidated shelter is located just one block from the k through 12 churchill school for learning-disabled children that has tuition of $ 27,000 per year .
mother-of-three sharon edwards was last seen on march 14 in grafton , nsw . she had caught up with friends at the local good intent hotel . investigators , including forensic officers and the dog squad , returned to her home on monday with a crime scene warrant . ms edwards and her husband , john , still own their family home on neill st. sharon .
kero-tv reports 23-year-old justin whittington of bakersfield , california was taken into custody on thursday night on suspicion of child endangerment . the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online and shared thousands of times shows a boy running through vest market . a pregnant woman , can be seen coming and taking the distraught boy away . by midnight , the man who was caught on video ruthlessly punched the small child .
the 50-year-old food network standout is ` heartbroken ' about the split and his wife is ` mighty unhappy ' with the prenup . also on friday the new york daily news claimed the actress questioned her spouse about rumours he was romantically involved with mad men star january jones in 2010 .
two 49-year-old women and a man were removed from the plane . bristol airport confirmed that the drunk passengers ' actions caused further delays to the ryanair flight . the flight was about to leave britain for the algarve when it left bristol for faro yesterday .
jamar nicholson , 15 , and his friends were hanging out in an alleyway in south l.a. before school on february 10 when two police officers working for the lapd 's criminal gang-homicide unit approached the boys with their guns drawn . the la times reports that one of the teenagers was holding a toy gun that the officers thought was real and it prompted the officers to fire .
andrea bradley , 28 , and glen bates , 32 , have been indicted on murder and child endangering charges in glenara bates ' death . prosecutor joe deters says the parents , both of cincinnati , could face the death penalty if convicted of all the charges .
detectives have released a cctv image of a woman they want to trace . the female victim collapsed and started violently fitting in a seizure . passers-by rushed to comfort her but police believe one person took advantage of the drama , reaching into the woman 's handbag and stealing # 60 cash .
director of television wants long-running sci-fi series to be turned into movie . but emails show doctor who 's creative team are reluctant to rush into film . sony and bbc worldwide -lrb- bbcww -rrb- were among 173,000 hacked by north korea .
edwin mee , 46 , is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an army careers centre in croydon , south london . the scottish officer allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged 15 to their early twenties between october 2010 and september 2011 . mee told jurors about his military career , and firmly denied the allegations .
irish tourist barry lyttle pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm after the crown declined to downgrade the charge . but the 33-year-old will now be sentenced in sydney 's local court , where the maximum jail term is two years . his elder brother patrick lyttle punched in potts point in the early hours of january 3 .
mandi l. walkley , 39 , and jacob m. austin , 52 , were in the dungeness bay . swells were as high as 3ft , for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the coast guard . both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals . fellow kayaker william d. kelley , 50 , remains hospitalized .
kate 's due date is just over three days away , officers were out in force , pulling lamp posts apart as they scoured the area for anything troubling . the police were watched by a small but growing group of royal fans , many of whom had set up camp on a set of benches .
jeff mccubbery , 72 , from mandurang and ian bullock , 65 , from blackburn devised the plan for captain cootie cards over twenty years ago . the pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards , coffee mugs , stubby-holders and calendars emblazoned with down under lingo . they have vowed to keep aussie slang alive through a range of custom memorabilia .
the high there ! app is described as the world 's first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts . users share their interests and energy levels when using cannabis . first launched two months ago , it could only be downloaded by users in the us who live in states that have legalised cannabis . but now it 's available globally via apple 's app store and google play .
the 10in tall lamp will go under the hammer at hansons in etwall , derbyshire , on june 26 . it was given as a gift to two sisters who worked as servants for the nightingale family at lea hurst , near matlock . the result was renkioi hospital , a civilian facility built in england and shipped to the area to care for those who had been hurt .
lance futch , 26 , donned a white wrinkled polo shirt and drove to hill air force base in utah thinking he was going to be led into an auditorium to talk about how to help veterans get more jobs in the infinitely abundant field of solar energy . instead , futch was sat at a table with obama , utah senator orrin hatch , congressman rob bishop , and salt lake city mayor ralph becker . futch said he was shocked but honored when the senior
trade was taking place between east asia and the new world hundreds of years before christopher columbus arrived in 1492 . the discovery was made after archaeologists found what they believe to be a bronze and leather buckle and a bronze whistle . bronze-working had not been developed at this time in alaska .
jondrew lachaux , 39 , and kellie phillips , 38 , turned themselves in after the children were found in a car . they have been arrested and face child abuse charges , police said . they were charged with concealing evidence after the toddler 's badly decomposed body was found in the garage .
claire , emily , christine and lily vincenti were taken from their italian home by their mother , laura garrett , which sparked an ugly dispute that included claims of kidnapping . the sisters were returned to italy in 2012 , after ms garrett 's story fell apart . their mother had australian passports made for the girls and fled to australia .
residents from fairdale , an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of chicago , were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could . but buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on thursday night . the other 33 have all been damaged in some way .
abubaker deghayes , 46 , has left his home in brighton to travel to libya . he has been fighting for the organisation jabhat al-nusra . the group are battling the islamic state and syrian forces . abdullah , 18 , was killed last april after suffering a bullet wound to his stomach .
lance corporal joshua leakey showed immense bravery by drawing enemy fire and helping his comrades before taking the fight to the taliban . it is just the sixth time the queen has given a vc to a living , british recipient during her reign . he was invested in a ceremony at windsor castle .
the bill would require all new or replacement dryers to operate at a noise level no louder than 84 decibels . according to the federal centers for disease control and prevention , that is about as loud as a school cafeteria . it also would n't allow hand dryers blowing air downwards to blow air faster than 115 mph .
ukip candidate victoria ayling made the comments after being confronted by her local party over her non-attendance at ukip meetings . after saying it was because she had spent ` five months nursing her son back to health after being blown up in afghanistan ' . mrs ayling denies that is the case .
austin west , 4 , passed away last saturday after he slipped while chasing a bumblebee in the backyard and fell into an in-ground pool at his family 's home in gastonia . austin 's grandfather , jeff west , says that when he attempted to launch a gofundme campaign to raise money to cover his grandson 's final expenses , he was shocked to find that there were already multiple pages carrying the deceased boy 's name on the site .
incident occurred at 22.8 c at st james 's park in london yesterday . boy 's mother frantically tried to open the door when keys were locked inside . the eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car alone as temperatures hit 23c . she grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle - and called police for help .
jean-marie le pen infuriated his daughter marine , the far-right party 's current leader , with a series of racist and anti-semitic remarks last week . mr le pen had repeated his claim that the holocaust - in which the nazis murdered six million jews - was ` a detail of history ' . now wants granddaughter marion marechal-le pen , 25 , to replace him in the regional elections .
the size 16 bombshell recently revealed to yahoo style that she 's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14 . now in her late 20s , the nebraska native has made a career of flaunting her voluptuous curves , becoming a regular in plus-size retailer lane bryant 's ads .
wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera . he had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling . the two foxes fought each other in bitter sub-zero temperatures after one of them had been copulating with a vixen .
edwin ` jock ' mee , 45 , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 . he ` isolated and ` kept ' to himself so he could sexually abuse them . one of the women , a virgin in her early 20s , fell pregnant when mee raped her . she was in the uk on a student visa and mee told her she needed to renew her passport .
rudy mussi tries to turn a water valve on his almond orchard in the sacramento-san joaquin delta near stockton , california . delta farmers do n't deny using as much water as they need . but they say they 're not stealing it because their history of living at the water 's edge gives them that right .
the unnamed woman , whose email was shared by a recipient on reddit , demands a $ 63.99 water table from walmart , a $ 14.99 play tunnel from ikea , and a $ 7.99 cheerios book . she even goes as far as to require that her guests include a receipt with their gifts so that she can get the full value back if she needs to return them .
maurice thibaux stormed the catwalk at sydney 's mercedes-benz fashion week on sunday night . the 67-year-old french native said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it . he said he did not even know he was walking into a fashion week event because the bright lights obstructed his vision .
the divorce petition was filed in late february in tarrant county , texas , where hamilton played five seasons with the texas rangers before moving to la . katie , who will appear on the 10th season of the real housewives of orange county , has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with hamilton . hamilton called for his wife to be banned from using his maserati and 1972 chevrolet blazer .
castro has appeared in public for the first time since his country reached a landmark agreement with the us to reestablish ties . the state-run cubadebate website says castro greeted a group of venezuelans visiting the capital of havana . images of castro sitting inside a bus , each with a different person stretching an arm through the window to shake his hand .
prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall are spending their anniversary privately at birkhall in deeside . the couple married a decade ago at the windsor guildhall , scottish country , on their honeymoon . british monarch was the location for their first anniversary celebrations .
the 6,825-tonne passenger ship sank off the southwest coast on april 16 last year with most of the victims , high school students . thousands of protesters met in the capital seoul to call on officials to raise the sewol after senior government officials said they would ` consider it ' .
brian klawiter posted a message on his company 's facebook page on tuesday in which he announced that openly gay people are not welcome at his business because he considers homosexuality to be wrong . ' i would not hesitate to refuse service to an openly gay person or persons , ' he wrote . so fat the mechanic 's post has been shared over 1,000 times , attracting hundreds of comments and more than 1,800 likes .
roxy wallace , 50 , was a bodyguard called bob , who lived a reclusive life . condition was caused by bob 's belief he had been born into wrong body . turmoil made it impossible to have a meaningful relationship with son william . roxy , from churchdown , gloucestershire , began to struggle with depression . in october 2013 , roxy revealed the truth to her wife of 20 years .
north carolina man 's obituary asked two things of friends and family : instead of sending flowers for the funeral , give the money to charity . and do n't vote for hillary rodham clinton in 2016 . upright 's daughter , jill , said the rock-ribbed republican was passionate about politics .
viv nicholson , 25 , died on saturday aged 79 . her coal miner husband keith won # 152,319 , 18 shillings and 8d on the littlewoods pools in 1961 -- the equivalent of around # 3 million today . she announced that her life from now on would be neither sensible nor boring .
stephanie scott 's accused killer , high school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , lived with his mother anika and elder brother luke . police allege they discovered blood inside the school cleaner 's toyota hilux , a picture of a burnt body on his mobile phone and a set of school keys . neighbours told daily mail australia the family have lived at the property , which is on the market for $ 179,000 , for ` around 13 months ' .
tibor racsits , 42 , had gone to pick up his daughter kiara from the movies at charlestown square in newcastle , north of sydney , on sunday night when they were attacked . vision of the disturbing attack showed the father and his 13-year-old daughter screaming as she runs to help , but she is pushed from behind by a young girl . there had earlier been some trouble between kiara and at least one girl before she called to say some girls
johnny manziel has been released from rehab after checking into a facility on january 28 and stating that he wanted to ` be a better family member , friend and teammate ' . the cleveland browns quarterback is out and ready to begin offseason workouts with the team , which begin on april 20 . this as many are still wondering what future the highly touted athlete will have in the nfl .
heidi bretscher , 28 , said she was on pace to beat her personal record when she , and the two cyclists who were accompanying her , missed an unmarked turn . at mile 19 , she found a police officer who gave her a ride back to mile 17 . despite her unscheduled detour , she still managed to cross the line well ahead of her closest rival .
the billionaire founder of tudor investment corporation , bought the casa apava estate in palm beach last week . the seven-bedroom , 18-bathroom property was built in 1918 and has 420 feet of oceanfront access . jones , 60 , warned that increasing inequality could spark a revolution as he gave a sold-out ted talk in canada in march .
richard kerr , 53 , said he was one of three youngsters taken from home in belfast to london in the 1970s . once in the capital , they were allegedly molested by politicians and other establishment figures at dolphin square and elm guest house . claims will add weight to calls for allegations about irish children 's home to be covered by official abuse inquiry .
the menagerie came to light when customs officials at domodedovo airport electronically scanned a 27kg bag belonging to a female passenger who had flown from indonesia via qatar . two baby crocodiles died on the journey from jakarta to moscow . all the survivors appeared terrified when they were found after the 6,515-mile ordeal .
the chair was on the first class promenade deck when the liner sank . it was found bobbing on the surface of the atlantic by the crew . one was given by a crew member to captain julien lemarteleur . it has since been owned for 15 years by an english titanic collector .
staffordshire terrier izzy is set to be destroyed after she bit a woman in august 2012 after escaping from her owner tania isbester 's backyard in the basin , east melbourne , victoria . the woman who izzy bit suffered a 1.5 cm to her finger on august 4 in 2012 , which is deemed as a ` serious injury ' under the domestic animal act in victorian law . this is the first time a dog on death row is having its case
bob heslip , 50 , suffers from neurofibromatosis type 1 , or nf-1 , which is caused by a gene malfunction that causes the bubble-like bumps to appear all over his body . however , he says he feels comfortable in his skin for the first time in his life now that he has joined the venice beach freakshow where he has met performers including a bearded lady .
kyle schwartz has been a teacher for three years , and says that many of her students at doull elementary school come from underprivileged backgrounds . seeking to understand a bit more about their lives , she asked all for he children to write down one thing they wanted to tell her , but would n't normally in the classroom situation .
prince harry visited the remote kununurra region of western australia where he met village elders and children . the 30-year-old took to the air in the royal australian air force 's tiger assault helicopter , which is similar to the apache the prince flew in combat sorties against the taliban in afghanistan in 2012 . in july , the prince is scheduled to spend several weeks on a conservation project in africa before finally deciding on a full
matthew moran , 46 , was banned from every boozer in birmingham . publicans were told they could recognise her by a tattoo of the prince of wales 's feathers . each drunkard 's entry includes photographs , their name , alias , residence , employment , physical description , distinguishing marks , nature of conviction and the sentence received for booze-related crimes .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran lost a bid to challenge their clemency rejections in the state administrative court . the two australian 's lawyers sought a constitutional court review to make clear the president 's obligations on thursday . they also intend to challenge the barrier preventing foreign citizens from constitutional court appeals .
professor ninian peckitt , 63 , claimed he was attempting to reduce the fracture . he hit the patient up to ten times while a colleague held his head . the patient , known as patient a , had come to ipswich hospital in february 2012 after an industrial accident . but he required a second procedure after falling off the bed in hospital which displaced his cheekbone .
pizza pound and moore , in cape breton , nova scotia , had posted ` effective as of now , we will no longer allow small screaming children ' . the message , posted last sunday night , was deleted by monday morning after a torrent of online abuse came from disgruntled parents . others said that some adults were far more annoying at restaurants than children and said they took particular offense because children can have tantrums .
judy murray and his new bride had their first dance on saturday night . the newlyweds took to the floor at their reception in cromlix house . judy 's mother , shirley erskine , 80 , admitted the wedding of andy , 27 .
charles kingham , 86 , and partner pauline moore , 68 , have been together for 40 years and bought their home in mablethorpe for # 35,000 in 1987 . they spent two years converting it into their dream home , but it became a ` living hell ' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre . the couple have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress the ordeal has put them under .
summer elbardissy , 19 , was partying at beta theta pi fraternity house in middletown , connecticut , last year when she tried to reach a makeshift roof deck . but instead of making it onto the deck , she fell out of a third-story window . moments later , another teenager heard what ` sounded like a thud hitting the ground ' . she was discovered lying unconscious on the floor , with her face covered in blood .
kim kardashian was captured dining in a non-kosher restaurant in the holy land alongside her husband , rapper kanye west , 37 , and jerusalem 's mayor , nir barkat . the next day , only kanye and mr barkat were pictured in the photo , reprinted in an article on the ultra-orthodox news site .
apple has revealed it will only accept online orders for its much-anticipated watch which goes on sale on the 24th april . the firm will show off the watch to the public for the first time from tomorrow at its retail stores and several special popup stores around the world . from tomorrow morning , customers will be able to preorder their watch online .
superyachts can sell for more than # 50million , while others cost # 400,000 a week to charter . brokers expect the unexpected , these are some of the most outrageous requests from superyacht owners and charter clients . two caged tigers threw a party with two live siberian tigers on board .
the prime minister said the tories would offer discounts of up to 70 % to 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home . but the national housing federation said the subsidy will cost taxpayers # 5.8 billion and was effectively worth # 100,000 to each family who benefited .
russell henley flew to georgia last sunday - sadly his golf clubs did not . the sportsman did n't have a meltdown on twitter . he simply used his social media site to point out he had a ` tourney ' to play in this week 's master 's tournament .
the ch-53e super stallion landed on the shore of this northern san diego county town shortly after 11:30 am . the 100-foot copter is twice the size of the humpback whales that sometimes wash up on surrounding shores . it crouched on the sand below a bluff and only a few yards from the surf line , dwarfing surfboard-topped lifeguard vehicles parked nearby .
three vehicles collided on the brisbane valley highway , 2km south of fernvale , on wednesday afternoon . a 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries were the first patients flown out by rescue helicopter . six others - including an infant and two young girls - have been taken to ipswich hospital with minor injuries or for further assessment .
researchers at new york university have been trying to gain an understanding about how the brain stores memories for 'em otionally neutral events ' . the study largely focused on how our brains remember emotionally arousing stimuli , such as evocative imagery or traumatic events . the researchers said we take for granted that we remember highly emotional events better than we remember neutral events .
tiger woods showed up to the event at the augusta national golf club in georgia , with his two children , sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , and his girlfriend lindsey vonn . vonn 's ensemble was in stark contrast to the white jumpsuits worn by bubba watson 's wife angie , and rickie fowler 's girlfriend . other golfers brought girlfriends and kids and rory mcilroy even brought one directioner ni
more than 2,200 walmart employees are now unemployed after the retail corporation announced it was temporarily closing five stores . almost 550 people lost their job at the pico rivera store in california alone . walmart will put both the full-time and part-time workers affected by the closures on paid leave for two months as they try to transfer to another walmart location .
passengers said the two-deck vessel ` flipped ' after a commercial ship was spotted and men on the deck ran to one side . hundreds of terrified women and children sheltering from the cold in the hull were trapped and died as water surged in . the trauma of their ordeal is clear to see as the african migrants wait to be assess by medics after disembarking from their coastguard vessel .
jörg düsterwald , 49 , has been producing body art projects for the last 20 years . his work has featured in several art magazines and in 2008 he was awarded the german brush-painting champion at a national competition . the artist is a well-renowned body painter who has used his skills in tv adverts .
just 11 per cent of research funding from he government and charities into the uk 's leading causes of death and disability was allocated to dementia . in comparison to cancer and coronary heart disease they are still poor relations , according to calculations by oxford university academics . amount spent on cancer research is around 13 times higher than dementia .
colin kay was driving his citroen picasso on the a586 in lancashire last year . he had fitted a camera to his dashboard and revealed how he had no time to react and avoid the crash . the 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder .
multi-million pound yachts , private jets and exclusive bolt-holes are not only the preserve of the super rich . travelmail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire - no six-figure salary necessary . jetsuite.com lets those with a far smaller bank balance book private jets for vastly reduced rates .
conchita van der waal offered a range of ` kinky ' sexual services to clients . the 46-year-old had worked at the central bank of the netherlands for eight years . however , for the past six of them , she has also been offering her sexual services at more than # 300 an hour .
tony blair 's global money-making projects face fresh scrutiny today . publication of a bizarre deal to sell the theory of ` deliverology ' to colombia . questions have also been raised about why the fees for the former labour prime minister are being paid by the united arab emirates .
scottish nationalists threatened to paralyse the uk government by blocking ` any bit of spending ' they do not agree with . but the snp , forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more mps , suggested it would hold ed miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the trident nuclear defence programme .
two four-year pilot culls in somerset and gloucestershire should be completed by trapping the badgers in cages and then shooting them , says the bva . it comes after the environment secretary promised to roll out more culls across the country if the tories win the election .
dr mark porter said that whoever wins the election will inevitably be tempted to bring in charges . all three major parties have denied there will be any end to the principle that the nhs should be free at the point of use . critics will say that if gps had not enjoyed such enormous pay rises over the past decade , there would be much more money around .
gareth macdonald is still grieving for the son he lost eight years ago . gareth was killed at the age of 30 after he discovered his boyfriend was conning him and his family out of money . police were able to gather enough evidence to prove rycroft was involved - including internet searches on his computer on the best way to kill a man .
prince harry 's former girlfriend chelsy davy stepped out in a sophisticated summer outfit for a london restaurant launch on tuesday . the 29-year-old seemed in high spirits as she was seen laughing and joking with friend , irene forte , at the launch party for the ivy chelsea garden . zimbabwean davy wore a white layered chiffon top , as well as flattering navy trousers with zip-detail on the ankles .
the californian start-up has just raised $ 10 million -lrb- # 6.7 million -rrb- so that users can ` find the perfect medicine ' in more states . the app , called eaze , has been dubbed ` uber for weed ' and allows people to choose medical grade marijuana and have it delivered by a vetted driver . a number of other states , including california and nevada , have decriminalised the drug for medical use .
andrea trunfio , 36 , and mario bretti , 64 , allegedly tried to muscle in on mr bretti 's patch . court heard how the pair clashed as they drove their vans away from the site on a scorching day in july last year . bretti said his competitor chased him along a busy road before cutting him off at a junction and blocking him with his van .
the monster vegetable , which weighs more than a three-year-old child , is so big it had been nicknamed the ` fat little girl ' . the specimen , which had been grown naturally without the help of any fertilizers , had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral .
lord forsyth said talking up threat posed by scottish nationalists was ` short-term and dangerous ' . sir john will say a labour deal with the separatists would mean higher taxes , more debt and fewer jobs . david cameron yesterday warned that the prospect of a deal between ed miliband and nicola sturgeon was ' a match made in hell for the british economy ' .
adam leheup , 34 , met alleged victim after arranging to meet her on ` let 's date ' app . they arranged to meet under the clock on waterloo station before crossing the bridge over to the embankment where they went to gordon 's wine bar . the alleged victim told her ` girls say no but they do n't really mean it , ' a court heard .
leaj jarvis price , 24 , reportedly shot dead by eric heath price , 25 , in alabama doctor 's office on monday . mrs price , who lived next door to the center with her family , was taken to hospital with self-inflicted gunshot wound to his head . when police fired tear gas into house , he came outside and came outside . he was arrested on suspicion of murder , but his condition remains unknown .
jason lee , 38 , a former managing director at goldman sachs , was arrested in august 2013 after the woman accused him of attacking her in a bathroom . lee has pleaded not guilty and is free on $ 100,000 bail . he has opted for a non-jury trial before suffolk county court judge barbara kahn .
hilary mantel 's second novel bring up the bodies has been renamed for the american stage . the bestselling author once pledged not to dumb down her work ahead of its bbc debut . in preparation , the title of her second book has been ditched in favour of the simpler ` wolf hall ii ' .
yaphank , in the 1930s , appeared as a haven for americans -- most of them of german heritage -- who sympathized with the causes of the third reich . the group set up pro-nazi camps where they could put on military demonstrations , teach their children about fascism and enjoy the outdoors .
denise fedyszyn , from holmfirth , west yorkshire , tipped the scales at 20 stone 4lb when she was left feeling mortified while on a family day out with her daughters anya and isla . the mother-of-two changed her diet , as well as taking up exercise .
the prime minister 's wife showed her support of uk business by sporting a thoroughly british outfit at the conservative party 's manifesto launch in swindon . sam cam , 43 , showed her commitment to uk brands once again by plumping for the hampton dress . the midi dress with cap sleeves and narrow v-neck is made from a non-crease poly twill fabric , perfect for a woman travelling a lot .
a # 5 bottle has suddenly become # 12 because the wine has lingered in an oak barrel before bottling . the oak bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour -- a process that can take up to two years -- in just a day or two . the product , which retails at # 50 , is the brainchild of entrepreneur joel paglione .
west coast railways banned from operating following ` most serious ' case . services by west coast railways have been suspended following incident on march 7 in which a train failed to stop at a signal . a 100mph collision between a steam excursion and a first great western high speed train was missed by barely a minute .
bilal skaf was assaulted by three other inmates in the yard of goulburn correctional centre on friday . a corrective services statement confirmed a ' 33-year-old inmate ' sustained minor head injuries and was treated in hospital before returning the same day . he was the leader of the rape gang which terrorised sydney teenage girls on a four-week rampage before the 2000 olympics .
man , known as salim , is alleged to have assaulted the 20-year-old . the man , from todabhim in karauli district of rajasthan , is being held in custody . his arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in india against tourists and locals .
brandy savelle and tony gervasi had caesar for two years and were recently trying to teach him to an outside animal . when caesar went missing from his family 's home in ispheming , michigan , the family tried to find him , and followed some tracks in the soft grass . a day later , a natural resources officer showed up at the couple 's door .
demonstrators including game of thrones actor jason momoa demanded the state and university of hawaii stop construction of a new $ 1.4 billion telescope on sacred land . protesters say that the mountaintop , where scientists are building the facility to see 13billlion years into the past , is on top of sacred burial ground land .
nick clegg made a desperate bid to distance his party from allegations . he claimed the obese sexual predator did not belong to the liberal democrats at the time he was abusing scores of young boys . smith took the party whip for four years in parliament and was feted as a lib dem grandee in the years before he died .
archbishop of brisbane phillip aspinall said he supported father paul kelly in his calls for the homosexual advance defence to be removed from queensland common law . the defence means a murder charge may be reduced to manslaughter if the defendant establishes their victim ` came on ' to them .
yulia tarbath , 33 , stuck to a vegan diet consisting of massive quantities of fruit , vegetables and juice as well as hours of running , cycling and lifting weights . the mother-of-one revealed she gained less than a stone in weight during her first pregnancy - and took less than two weeks to get back to her starting weight of 8 stone . she ate her way through ten bananas and entire bunches of spinach .
a pew research center survey found that 92 percent of us teens go online daily - and 25 % admit they are online constantly . the pew researcher revealed household incomes can influence which social network children use . that includes 56 percent who are online several times a day and 24 percent who say they are connected to the internet and social networks ` almost constantly ' .
google has released an update to its android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice . known as trusted voice , it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say ` ok , google ' . a warning advises that trusted voice unlocking is less secure than other options , but just a couple taps and you 'll be able to unlock and execute commands on your secured device .
quincy hazel and sabrina golden-hazel , both 44 from riviera beach , florida , have been charged with child neglect . a 26-year-old relative told police that the family has 11 children but that the only two were subjected to the cruel treatment . the couple had other children but allegedly never enrolled them in school .
the 43-year-old mother-of-one discussed an australian father 's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday 's show . she vowed to try the method , which involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby 's face until the tot nods off . but savannah soon learned that the trick did n't have a calming effect on her energetic infant .
clair schuler , who goes by the stage name cici ryder , told click 2 houston durst was ` very infatuated with the drag queens that performed , and their make-up ' . durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts at garza 's kon-tiki . he said he was not fooled by durst 's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality .
the population was deemed healthy in hundreds of northern european fisheries analysed and experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species . consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s . but the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 .
luke shambrook , 11 , went without food or water since good friday . he was found on tuesday peering out from behind trees before a uniformed police officer reached him and took his hand to reassure him he was safe . his parents believe the communities prayers and luke 's own resilience is what saw him survive the terrifying ordeal .
the coat of an english bulldog , the ears of a king charles spaniel and the tail of an irish setter help make up a set of ideal characteristics voted for by 2,000 pet owners . more than a third of owners wanted their dog to have a short , low-maintenance coat , while a similar proportion favoured soft , floppy ears .
ukip 's education spokesman appeared in party 's manifesto in thick-rimmed glasses holding a book called ` british rebels and reformers ' . the vintage hardback is listed on amazon as a 48-page illustrated history book from 1942 . suzanne evans appeared to contradict a flagship policy on banning non-skilled workers after telling the launch that the party did not want to ` pull up the drawbridge ' .
madison small , from ashburn , left school early on mondayand , after she woke up with a severe headache , she was rushed to hospital . by tuesday afternoon , her father , tim small , had contacted the broad run high school to let staff know that his youngest daughter had passed away that morning . on friday , the loudoun county health department confirmed she died of meningococcal meningitis , which causes membranes covering the brain and spinal cord to swell . it is the
hollywood-born chanteuse charlene had a surprise worldwide hit with i 've never been to me . when the song became a hit she was in straitened financial circumstances and working in a sweetshop in ilford , essex , so instead of moving like harlow . this may come as a surprise to our transatlantic cousins but greece has rather more islands in its portfolio than one .
oliver pareece jones , 37 , was caught in a surveillance photo checking out of the four points sheraton hotel on april 5 at 6.26 am . he then withdrew $ 800 in cash out of a cash point before making a stop at a walmart in rancho cucamonga , california . jones then was seen in surveillance footage at the walmart on foothill boulevard around 8.45 am where he purchased items including clothes , a radio , backpack
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily , 14 , have been missing for almost three weeks after a trip to new york city to see a play were stressed out by a legal battle . their car was found in a parking garage on 42nd street in manhattan , but the pair left no other trace of their whereabouts . relatives of the ` quiet irish family ' , who own a horse farm on long island 's north fork , reported them missing on tuesday .
kelli jo bauer , 45 , was arrested at her kansas city home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes . she has been accused of showing officers clothes -- many with tags still on them -- hanging on a rack and folded on a bed in an upstairs bedroom . bauer was released on a $ 20,000 bond and ordered to stay out of retail stores .
the chlorine seeped into body fluids and ate away at eyes , throat and lungs . some 1,200 french soldiers were killed in the chaos of that first five-minute gas attack . on tuesday the organisation for the prohibition of chemical weapons will hold a commemorative meeting close to the fields .
karen buckley vanished after a night out in the city at the weekend . about 300 people , including the 24-year-old 's mother and father , attended a memorial at glasgow 's george square today . a man , believed to be alexander pacteau , has been arrested in connection with miss buckley 's death .
phil haste , 60 , was told he had not shown a pay and display ticket in his car . but he no longer required his tax disc to be shown on a vehicle windscreen . the government abolished paper tax discs on october 1 last year . mr haste , who lives in torquay , said it was a ` diabolical ' decision to fine him .
us secretary of state john kerry said washington would not accept foreign interference in the country in a direct criticism of tehran 's backing of shiite houthi fighters . comes as a saudi-led coalition continues to pound anti-government forces in yemen at the start of a third week of bombing .
hengshui no 2 middle school is an ` exemplary school ' in china . with nearly 10,000 pupils and more than 500 teachers , the boarding school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement . two pupils from the school plunged to death , one in october and one in march .
mouldy food discovered at steer inn in wilberfoss , east yorkshire . owner david crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations . officers carried out inspections where they found food in the kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption - and food was being served to the public .
geoff johnson returned to the family home of his mother , a compulsive hoarder , 20 years after he left and created a moving series of images about his uneasy upbringing . he did this by superimposing shots of his son onto images of the trash-ridden home in omaha , nebraska . jennifer , also 37 , returned just twice , on the advice of her counselor to confront the deeply-embedded shame she felt . but when their mother passed away following a 12-
the poncho originated as a rather humble garment worn by south american tribes and later featured on the back of clint eastwood in the spaghetti westerns . sales of a designer-label version carrying a personal monogram and costing more than # 1,000 have been central to a sales boom .
the obama administration will begin telling some suspected terrorists if and why they are on a list of tens of thousands of people banned from flying to , from or within the united states . the changes partially lift a veil of secrecy enshrouding a policy that has been a centerpiece of the government 's counterterrorism efforts since the september 2001 terror attacks .
australian author and ceo of the australian college of environmental studies nicole bijlsma said the chemicals in these products are easily absorbed through ingestion and skin . hundreds of products sold at discount retailers have been found to contain toxic levels of harmful metals , plastics and chemicals that have been linked to cancers and diseases .
officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the m5 in gloucesteshire . they spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute . the caravan also narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway . gloucestershire constabulary 's road policing unit tweeted about sunday night 's incident .
the 58-year-old actress took a leave of absence from broadway play ` fish in the dark ' earlier this month . famous friends passed on their best wishes to the actress as katie couric wrote : ` sending the wonderful rita wilson my love and best wishes for a speedy recovery and good health ' .
arthur baldwin was taken into custody at 12:30 am on friday on a residential street in south-eastern d.c. he has been hit with a felony charge of attempted burglary and another of destruction of property . the agency revoked baldwin 's security clearance and put him on leave in light of the arrest .
robert penny told the herald sun that he was shocked when police charged him with murdering claire acocks and his wife margaret penny . the 83-year-old , of malvern east , has spoken out since he briefly appeared at melbourne magistrates court on monday . margaret 's husband robert denny , 83 , has been charged with two counts of murder .
mary murphy , 66 , and her partner john wood , 67 , died after falling down the stairs at their home in failsworth , greater manchester . their bodies were found by paramedics on wednesday in the hallway of their terraced home . police initially thought the deaths may be suspicious , but after investigating they believe it was a ` bizarre and tragic ' accident .
remains discovered in cardboard box by street cleaners in north-western peru . mummy , thought to date back to 1100 ad , was found wrapped in rope . discovery made in the early hours of the morning as cleaners swept up streets close to the dig . cleaner otilio padilla miramontes , 54 , said : ` it looked just like any other box dumped on the streets ' .
blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break . instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres . bournemouth borough council appealed for those affected by the mix-up to contact them for a ` gesture of goodwill ' .
the jenny packham chiffon gown with jewelled-detailing on the arms has split opinion . some on twitter raving about the garment and others claiming it swamped her . zeenat sabvur from the wedding planning website ready or knot believes brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses .
steve smith , 52 , opened his first poundland shop in burton-upon-trent in 1990 . he sold the company for a staggering # 50million 10 years later . mr smith gave half of his profits - # 25million - to his parents . he said he wanted to repay his father 's initial loan of # 50,000 . but he still receives ` pocket money ' from his wife tracy .
joan ashton has been a resident of aneurin bevan court in duffryn , newport for around eight months . the elderly woman 's son , steve , visits her regularly there where he says his mother is well-looked after by carers who bring her meals . mr ashton is calling for more to be done to improve food standards for the elderly in care .
the duke and duchess of cambridge are n't the only royals to get a puppet makeover . their dolls will be joined by an even more amusing version of prince harry , as well as a roster of celebrities . the six-part series will also feature wayne rooney , beyonce , harry styles and the great british bake off 's paul hollywood and mary berry .
house prices across the uk will rise at a fraction of last year 's frenetic pace . property prices soared by 10 per cent in 2014 but will grow by 1.5 per cent . london will fare the worst , with prices dropping by 3.6 per cent over the next year .
the 22-year-old 19 kids & counting star announced on tuesday she 's pregnant with her first child with husband ben seewald , 19 . ` we 're expecting ! ' the due date is november first , our wedding anniversary . jessa 's baby will be the sixth grandchild for the duggars .
andrew barr , principal of the geelong college , south-west of melbourne , was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office . the school council launched an investigation , which included a search of mr barr 's computer , after the photograph appeared on the social media site snapchat . dr hugh seward said the matter was a serious breach of the school 's standards .
more than 25 women have been airlifted from royal navy ships . one ship - hms ocean - even had five pregnant sailors removed in emergency ` medevacs ' during the last nine years . at least one woman from hms illustrious , which was nicknamed ` hms lusty ' by the crew before it was decommissioned last year .
sporty pippa middleton was spotted out jogging today for the second time this week . the 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from london to brighton to raise money for the british heart foundation . fitness fanatic , the younger sister of the duchess of cambridge is currently preparing to make the most of the sunshine out in london .
the kits are intended to provide a temporary solution for lost fillings . but more and more people are said to be buying the kits to carry out their own dental work as the price of receiving filling by a nhs dentist in england is as much as # 52 . dentek sell around 250,000 products a year , although there is no research on how they are used .
frank abagnale was played by leonardo di caprio in the 2002 steven spielberg film about his misspent youth as a conman . he has written three books on the nature of fraud , which he has called the constant effort by security companies to stay ahead of hackers a ` battle ' . he said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen by digital fraudsters .
jamyra gallmon of washington was arrested last week and charged with first-degree murder while armed for allegedly killing david messerschmitt , 30 , on february 9 . she stole just $ 40 and the victim 's metro smartrip card , while dominique johnson , 19 , has been charged with conspiracy to commit armed robbery . gallmon has a court hearing scheduled for friday , but that has now been rescheduled until may 8 .
kfc 's quiz contains 30 questions which mostly ask applicants to rank their response from ` strongly agree ' to ` strongly disagree ' . when daily mail australia selected only negative answers , they received an email notifying them that their application had been unsuccessful less than 10 hours later . the questions seek guidance as to how potential employees might react in workplace situations .
a tree and power lines lie across a major road in raymond terrace , 50km north of sydney in nsw . climate specialist don white from weatherwatch australia confirmed that severe weather warnings were issued by the bureau of meteorology on sunday . the storm was forecast to form between port macquarie and newcastle - that 's as about as accurate as they could have predicted .
former scottish first minister hopes to make a return to the commons . urged supporters of rival parties to help stop alex salmond returning to parliament . polls suggest lib dems face near-wipeout in scotland , with danny alexander under threat from a surge in support for the snp .
dallas architects matt mooney and michael gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern home . the home boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people , a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of white rock lake . mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home .
raymond allen opened the first kfc franchise in preston , lancashire , in 1965 . he had become a personal friend of harland ` the colonel ' sanders after meeting in chicago 50 years ago . mr allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices .
the xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region and contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region 's olive oil production last year . its spread has so alarmed the eu that france announced a boycott of puglian fruit and vegetables , while its effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil .
researchers from the national museum of natural history in paris , italy , have identified the unfortunate individual whose bones were found fused to the walls of a cave . using analysis of dna extracted from the bones sticking out from the limestone rock , researchers have found he was a neanderthal who fell down a sinkhole around 150,000 years ago . wedged in the narrow space and probably badly injured , he is thought to have starved to death .
remains of friedrich branft , 22 , make the first complete skeleton to be recovered from the battle of waterloo . brandt , a member of george iii 's german legion , was killed by napoleon 's forces and was found with a musket ball between his ribs . the mystery surrounding brandt 's origins and identity was cracked by gareth glover , 54 , a former royal navy officer and historian .
thousands of barrel jellyfish spotted off the coast of devon and cornwall . experts believe the jellyfish , which can grow up to six feet , have been attracted by the warmer waters and a lack of predators . experts say the increase could be because of fewer predators in the region 's seas .
researchers at the university of south carolina analysed 57 species . they found that one breed in particular had plummeted from several hundred before the 2011 disaster to just a few dozen today . this is despite radiation levels in the region starting to fall . and comparing it to chernobyl could reveal what the future holds .
jessica howard , 23 , denounced ` night stalker ' clive howard for string of assaults . she told him the catastrophic impact of his attack could never be put into words . howard was jailed for a minimum of ten years and three months after admitting seven rapes , one attempted rape and three kidnappings .
kate wore the natasha coat to a series of engagements in kensington . it instantly became such a hit with women -- many of whom were n't even pregnant -- that it sold out in most sizes . the firm now sells it with the tagline ` worn by the duchess of cambridge ' and markets it as suitable for before , during and after pregnancy .
more than 100 tonnes of dead fish were found floating in the water near huizhou city in southern china 's guangdong province . farmer mr zhang believes the ammonia which polluted the lake and killed his fish came from a nearby farm which had been using the chemical as fertiliser .
labour leader said snp mps would not be able to dictate policy , even if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in number 10 . comes after the scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said labour could only govern with the support of the snp .
the pilot of the piper pa-32 was apparently attempting to make an emergency landing after taking off from punta cana . the plane struck the ground in a golf course adjacent to the airport and burst into flames . four of the passengers were tourists from spain and two were from britain .
visitors to a metro-detroit museum have a chance to get an up-close look at the chair abraham lincoln was shot in at washington d.c. next week . the red , worn chair will be removed from its enclosure at dearborn 's henry ford museum and displayed in an open plaza on april 15 . two days earlier , it will be onstage when renowned historian and lincoln expert doris kearns goodwin delivers a sold-out lecture at
plane was set to leave lisbon at 7pm on tuesday night with its 489 passengers heading back to bristol avonmouth after a round-trip tour that took in la coruna , spain , the azores , and madeira . but that was scuppered when lawyers slapped a court order on the ship over an ` unresolved ' and ` historic ' financial wrangle . the ship is operated by essex-based cruise & maritime voyages . but the legal dispute was
oleg maidanovich said someone was hiding satellites as space junk . but in a film he refused to name the country behind the ruse . the claims were made by the commander of russian space command . he was speaking on a film called ` space special forces ' during a tour of russia 's main centre for aerospace intelligence in krasnoznamensk , near moscow .
thaddeus mccarroll , 23 , was killed outside his jennings home on friday night after he ` refused to listen to them and charged at them with a knife ' . his mother said her son ` was talking about going on a `` journey ' and mentioned a `` black revolution , '' according to police . police say they shot him with an ' less lethal impact weapon ' because they felt they had to act .
luke harris and daryl lee are due to become fathers for the third time in just a few weeks after controversially enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers . the couple , who met in 1999 and became civil partners in 2012 , celebrated the birth of their first child , son phoenix blue .
experts told mailonline five million people are expected to fall victim to the symptoms - which include streaming eyes , incessant sneezing and irritating itches at the back of the throat . by 2030 that figure is expected to surge to 31.8 million sufferers this summer , up a third from last year .
more than 2,000 britons revealed that we consume an average of 17 cups of tea each week . those aged 55 and over typically enjoying 21 cups a week . almost a third of women turn to a cuppa to make them feel better . more than half of adults associated a cup of tea with ` comfort and relaxation ' .
susan farmer , 37 , from eddy , texas , was told she would die unless she dropped more than half her body weight by concerned doctors . but while the 37-year-old was determined to shed the weight , her mother continued to buy her daughter fatty foods . at her heaviest , susan weighed 43st and was unable to walk for longer than 30 seconds at a time .
marilyn zuniga sparked outrage for allowing her third grade class in orange , new jersey to pen letters to murderer mumia abu-jamal . the 60-year-old is serving a life sentence in prison after he shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981 . mumia 's supporters say photos of the killer eleased this week by his wife show how ill and frail he is .
bill dudley , europe 's oldest mcdonald 's worker , has celebrated his 90th birthday with colleagues . he joined the team nine years ago after growing ` bored ' pottering around the house . mcdonalds hailed the great-grandfather as ' a real asset ' to the team .
governor mary fallin signed a bill approving nitrogen as an alternative method of death . the method involves pumping a chamber full of nitrogen and leaving a prisoner 's body to die from lack of oxygen . executions in the state are currently on hold while the supreme court ponders whether the three-drug mix now favored by oklahoma is constitutional .
carlos manuel perez jr , 28 , was allegedly pitted against andrew jay arevalo , 24 , inside high desert state prison in indian springs on november 12 of last year . after the two were left to duke it out , a lawsuit filed in state court claims , a trainee corrections officer waded in and fired off his shotgun four times in a row .
in a book stéphane charbonnier , known as charb , finished just two days before being mowed down by jihadist gunmen . he argued that left-leaning intellectuals who denounced the cartoons were ` ridiculous demagogues ' for doing so . in the short book , extracts of which are to be published today in weekly l'obs , he writes : ` the suggestion that you can laugh at everything , except certain aspects of islam ' .
the song ca n't be identified and does n't fit the pattern of noise generated by the few known species of beaked whale . while beaked whales make up the second largest family of cetaceans , relatively little is known about them , mainly because they spend very little time on the water 's surface . the mysterious ` antarctic bw29 signal was recorded near the orkney islands , south shetland islands , and antarctica by scientists led by jennifer
aracely meza , who is reportedly not the child 's mother , was arrested on monday and has been charged with injury to a child by omission . in the clip , the boy identified by a witness as benjamin , is being held in the arms of texas pastor 's wife as others , including a man who appears to be her husband pastor daniel meza . she said the child was possessed by demons , according to pastors .
sergio barrientos-hinojosa , 13 , was arrested late saturday . police say he had his son take him to buy beer at the gas station , where he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer . the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air .
the 22c -lrb- 72f -rrb- predicted in the south east on friday is also better than the 18c forecast in marbella , 16c in rhodes , 10c in istanbul and 16c . it is 11c warmer than the uk april average and would beat the current 2015 high of 20.7 c - or 69f - on easter sunday .
the liberal arts college in clinton sent out four alerts in the span of an hour urging students and staff to shelter in place , lock doors , draw curtains and stay away from windows . campus officials said a bomb threat and the threat of a shooting at the recently renovated kirner-johnson building were received by phone at 9.45 am .
the louis tussaud 's waxwork museum in ontario canada was bought to the world 's attention in january after tv presenter jonathan ross posted pictures of the works online . ross seemed to be in disagreement in one tweet he wrote : ` it 's almost like canada want to start a war . here ' .
munira khalif , from minnesota , says she has always been driven by the thought that her parents fled to the u.s. so she would have better opportunities . the teens have one more thing in common : they do n't know which school they 're going to pick yet .
hilary border , 54 , had power of attorney over her mother dorothy 's affairs . the mother-of-three was required to pay # 300-a-week for the 83-year-old 's care . when it doubled to # 600 the money was either late or stopped being paid . border was sentenced to 16 months in prison , suspended for two years .
around 250 men and women from the reconnaissance unit , which has most recently served in iraq and afghanistan , marched through the town of dereham . they were supported by more than 4,000 well-wishers , many waving flags , who lined the streets to mark the conclusion of the regiments 15 year tenure in the county . they are set to leave robertson barracks in swanton morley this summer and move some 200 miles to their new home in catterick , north
dell ` super dell ' schanze , 45 , pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor counts , knowingly using an aircraft to harass wildlife and pursuing a migratory bird . his admission of guilt follows a plea deal that fell through on thursday after he refused to admit to the 2011 crime which he said makes him look like an evil , horrible person . however , he returned to a federal court on friday to plead guilty .
michael brelo , 31 , made his first appearance in court in cleveland , ohio , on monday charged with two counts of voluntary manslaughter for the deaths of timothy russell , 43 , and malissa williams , 30 . he is the lone officer among the 13 who fired their weapons that night who is charged criminally because prosecutors say he stood on the hood and opened fire four seconds after the other officers had stopped shooting . brelo and 12 officers who shot a total of
researchers at iowa state university recorded 300 hunts by chimps . found female chimps were using tools to capture prey in 60 per cent of observations . this female chimp has stripped a stick of leaves and uses it to flush out a bush baby from a hollow tree trunk . the findings may provoke some to reassess their view of the opposite sex .
robin wright eschewed hollywood fame to raise her two children . the actress played jenny , tom hanks ' bohemian childhood sweetheart . they met in 1989 just year after he split with madonna . robin wright wore a slinky dress from reem acra 's fall 2013 collection .
mary schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the big texan steak ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday . the 120-pound mother-of-four set a new world record this weekend and earned $ 6,000 in prize money after downing three steak dinners .
the advert has italian chefs in uproar , as it appears to claim that italian children prefer happy meals to traditional pizza . the row erupted over an 18 second video advert which appeared to prove that kids preferred a happy meal to a margherita pizza . a top pizza chef described the advert ` blasphemy ' and the true neapolitan pizza association has accused mcdonald 's of a ` shameful ' attack .
kfc allowed hundreds of people to tour the back of 219 stores across australia and roam from freezer to fryer on saturday . the fast food giant hoped to dispel ` blanket perceptions ' of negativity around the quality and freshness of their ingredients . ` it 's not something that 's made in a factory offsite somewhere and it gets delivered here and we reheat it , ' she said .
the woman in her mid - to late 30s , was at melbourne 's greatest ever easter egg hunt . she was escorted out of the racecourse when she became ` irate ' after a young volunteer asked her to stop taking so many easter eggs . more than 2,500 chocolate lovers paid $ 5 to fill up their bucket with as many eggs as they could fit on saturday .
police exhumed the boy 's body from his grave last year after the case came up for periodical review . a dna sample eventually led them to his mother . the woman , who has not been named , was arrested on suspicion of infanticide but the charge was dropped after she explained how the baby had been stillborn . he has now been reburied at weasenham st peter church , norfolk .
huma abedin , 38 , was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon . abedin and clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained abedin did not put any change in the tip jar .
robert durst , 72 , was arrested at the jw marriott hotel in new orleans on a los angeles county warrant that accused him of killing his friend susan berman in 2000 . authorities found $ 44,000 , marijuana and a revolver at his hotel room . his lawyers say the arrest in mid-march was timed to mesh with the finale of the jinx , hbo 's six-part series about durst .
jake castner went into hiding last week after a warrant was issued for his arrest . the 19-year-old joked about the ` nightmare ' title a magistrate gave him last year when he pleaded guilty to 33 offences . he was arrested in the mount helen area just after 11.30 am .
the 19th century castle toward , near dunoon , was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach . overlooking the clyde estuary , the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of british troops . allied soldiers would spend a week of intensive training at the castle , which included swimming in full kit and daily exercises .
christopher furniss-roe from pontypool , south wales , hanged himself . his father jason desperately tried to save his son 's life but he died next day . coroner ruled it was a tragic accident - saying he was probably looking for ` sympathy and forgiveness ' after the row .
muhammadu buhari , who won the presidential election two weeks ago , said his administration would do everything in their power to bring the students home . but he said he could not promise they would find them . the announcement came as a march was held through the nigerian capital of abuja to mark the first anniversary since the girls were abducted from a secondary school in chibok .
tommy thompson , 62 , and girlfriend alison antekeier , 42 , have both admitted contempt of court in columbus , ohio . they were arrested in january after u.s. marshals tracked them down to the boco raton hotel in florida . the ss central america sank off the carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold .
people with sleep apnoea saw a mental decline more than a decade earlier . on average , than those who had no sleep problems are more likely to experience an early decline in memory and other brain functions . the us researchers ' results also suggested that the onset of alzheimer 's might be accelerated among those with sleeping problems .
susan monica , a 66-year-old pig farmer and welder from southern oregon , went on trial on tuesday in medford . she has been charged with killing two men , dismembering their bodies and feeding them to her pigs . both victims were shot in the head and dismembered in what prosecutors allege were separate murders committed more than a year apart .
kyle hargreaves was found kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance , which had been called to an address in grimsby , lincolnshire . the ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property . they returned to find the girl , who has not been named , lying on top of each other .
carwyn scott-howell , seven , plunged 160ft to his death in flaine , france . he was skiing with his mother ceri and siblings gerwyn and antonia . carwyn carried on skiing and then ventured into a wooded area . his mother thought he had continued to their accommodation but raised the alarm when he did not return .
the crowd source collection holds around 150 photographs taken by arthur syer , a 27-year-old man living in sydney . the camera was wrapped in a small parcel so it did n't draw attention from the photographers subjects . this was the first time people would 've been confronted with the idea of being photographed without their knowledge .
game of thrones fans who did not want to wait and legally watch hbo 's hit series premiere its fifth season tonight have leaked the first four episodes online . the episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on saturday night , and are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press . the series is the most illegally downloaded program in the world .
boeing 787-8 departed from london gatwick at around 9.40 am yesterday . was seven-and-a-half hours into its flight to cancun when it landed at lf wade international airport in bermuda . plane was met by six police cars on landing , with officers seen entering the aircraft and removing the passengers .
the woman , named by local media as samantha or amanda , was chased by police through the pattaya region for 30 minutes before they shot out three wheels of her car . after the smashed-up car came to a halt , officers broke the front passenger window of the vehicle to arrest her when she refused to open the door . the 29-year-old woman was then bundled into a police car - to protect her from an angry mob that had formed in the wake of the carnage .
jade wimsey , 24 , from goole , east yorkshire , would down up to seven cans a day at more than # 1.50 a pop and totalling more than 1,540 calories . she is now a slim size 12 having shed six stone in 18 months by kicking the energy fuel for good .
rené dee watched as his wife eileen , 68 , slipped away just days after catching the infection . she had been battling cancer when she caught the bug while undergoing treatment at the royal sussex county hospital in brighton . several hospital rooms , including eileen 's , were found to have traces of the drug-resistant bacteria pseudomonas aeruginosa in water running from the tap and in the shower drain .
the department of transportation said at a public hearing that while the government is happy to set standards for animals flying on planes , it does n't stipulate a minimum amount of space for humans . many economy seats on united airlines have 30 inches of room , while some airlines offer as little as 28 inches .
lord neuberger said judges and courtrooms should allow women to wear the dress as they should ` show , and be seen to show ' respect towards different customs . he said judges should be ` sensitive ' to the fact that they usually came from ` more privileged sector of society ' than many of those facing them .
muhammad naviede , 60 , was jailed in 1995 for a # 45million fraud . his piper tomahawk aircraft plummeted into a field near padbury . he sent a text shortly before the crash saying : ` i 'm in a plane out of control and it 's going down ' .
holmesburg prison 's 101-year history was filled with violent riots , bloody beatings and most shocking of all . nearly two decades after its closure in 1995 , all that remains of one of the most notorious and violent prisons in american history is cracked paint , crumbling hallways and empty cells .
actress glynis barber will be collecting her bus pass from itv 's 1980s detective duo dempsey and makepeace . from where i 'm sitting , she looks barely a day over 40 . it is impossible , frankly , not to wonder whether mother nature has been given a , shall we say , little helping hand .
abedin had last surfaced on monday at an ohio chipotle restaurant when she and clinton popped in , both wearing sunglasses , for lunch . the now-famous customized black van that secret service agents have driven more than 1,000 miles since sunday . abedin has known clinton since 1996 , when she scored a white house internship working for the then-first lady .
labour leader admits in past his party had been ` too timid ' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language . but tories say there was nothing in mr miliband 's plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to britain after net migration hit 298,000 in a year .
the transport workers ' union 's national secretary tony sheldon condemned the requested change to the fair work act and accused aldi of trying to reintroduce serfdom . mr sheldon in a statement in which it recommended that the national employment standards be amended to ` enable employers and employees greater flexibility to determine reasonable working hours above the standard 38 hour week ' .
leo grand gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app trees for cars went live . it 's been a year and a half since that moment led to grand and his mentor , patrick mcconlogue , becoming media sensations . grand realized he could go through ' $ 100 in a few days ' and instead jumped at the opportunity to learn something new that he could then ` turn into something more ' .
ian gibson had his kneecap blown off in combat more than 30 years ago . ex-army tank driver told employment tribunal he was subjected to a tirade of ` horrible harassment ' while working at h and g contracting services ltd . mr gibson claims bosses failed to make his job easier after the pain in his knee became too excruciating and was overlooked for an office-based job .
the federal bureau of investigation is facing accusations that a saudi florida family had ties to the hijackers after the agency said that the report was ` unsubstantiated ' . relatives of homeowner esam ghazzawi lived in the plush sarasota dwelling until they fled and left cars , furniture and food in their refrigerator behind right before the 9/11 attacks . the family of abdulaziz al-hijji and his wife anoud left their 3,300 square foot fl
chris rowe , 31 , was diagnosed with an aggressive form of lung cancer . the father-of-one was taken to a&e after noticing a dull ache in his ribs . he was sent home each time , reassured he was most likely suffering a virus . but an x-ray revealed a devastating diagnosis on the 31-year-old . he is enduring gruelling rounds of chemotherapy in a bid to prolong his life .
the nantucket wooden chair was salvaged by a search team from the atlantic ocean after the titanic sank in 1912 . one was given by a crew member to captain julien lemarteleur , who had previously worked on the mackay-bennett . it was sold yesterday at henry aldridge and son auction house in devizes , wiltshire , to a uk buyer .
boris johnson fronted a major tory push into nigel farage 's backyard . mr johnson recieves an ethusiastic kiss as female support for the tory mayor shows no sign of abating . the london mayor took to the streets of ramsgate , kent , boasting that the polls were turning in the tories ' favour .
princess mary , 43 , treated her three youngest children , princess isabella , seven , and twins princess josephine and prince vincent , four , to a day out at a farm in kirke hyllinge , a village in zealand . the quartet certainly appeared to be having fun , with all four crouching down to pet a tiny holstein friesian calf .
kate kendall , amanda bisk , juliet burnett and lindy klim will debut their first active swim range on tuesday night in sydney . earp , 20 , is a social media sensation famous for sharing her yoga poses with her 679,000 instagram followers . jeremy and katinka somers are known for pushing boundaries but believe there will be only positive reaction to their unusual model choice .
carwyn scott-howell was skiing with his family when he fell over a 164ft drop . his mother ceri , nine , and brother gerwyn , 19 , were in the alps . footprints in the snow eventually led police to his body . carwyn 's family described how he ` made life full of laughter with never a dull moment ' .
officers heard the baby girl crying in the ladies ' toilet in chengdu , sichuan province , reports people 's daily online . workers who found the baby , who was wrapped in a shirt but was still attached to the umbilical cord and placenta , called the police and ambulance .
nigel farage 's campaigning got off to a faltering start today . but organisers pulled the plug while he was trapped in his chauffeur-driven car . mr farage faced ridicule last year when he blamed immigrants clogging up the m4 after he missed an event charging supporters # 25-a-head to meet him .
carlton tavern pub was the only building in its road not destroyed by hitler 's bombs during the blitz . landlady patsy lord was told by the owners on easter monday to close for an ` inventory ' but returned two days later to find the pub was no longer standing . westminster city council is now considering legal action against the developers .
the european space agency 's metop-b satellite has been released as the country continues to bask in bright sunshine . parts of scotland and wales experienced the warmest temperatures today , with highs of 16.6 c in achnagart , north of fort william and 16.4 c . forecasters say the warm weather is set to continue thanks to a third blast of hot air from the mediterranean .
the team bus carrying fenerbahce players and coaching staff back from an away game was shot at on saturday night . security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit , averting an accident . none of the players or club officials were reported to be injured .
turkey has blocked access to twitter and youtube after they refused a request to remove pictures of prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz . the 46-year-old turkish prosecutor died in hospital when members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front stormed a courthouse and took him hostage . the dhkp-c is considered a terrorist group by turkey , the european union and us .
fbi chief james coney has introduced the tests amid fears his 135,000 agents are slipping behind when it comes to personal fitness . those who fail will have the marks noted on their annual performance review and could lead to being moved from assignments that involve physical activity . new recruits to the fbi have to take a physical test but for the last 16 years have not had to undergo any other fitness exam .
the fbi and nypd said on wednesday that a reward of up to $ 115,000 is being offered for information leading to an arrest and conviction in the march 2008 bombing at the times square military recruitment station . no one was injured in the blast which occurred seconds after people walked past .
katie cope , 17 , said she feared being assaulted by the agitated woman . she had to close the shop and put down the electronic shutter . police said the stolen knickers were not worth enough to prosecute . katie and her mother eve cope accused officers of giving a ` green light ' .
rescuers were forced to abandon their efforts to save 149 melon-headed whales that were stranded on the beach in hokota . the rest of the animals had either died or were dying , but the remaining of the beached pod are ` dead or dying ' . volunteers from local communities had joined forces with coastguards to try and save the dolphins .
tyler grant , a junior at the university of texas prefers to be referred to by neutral plural pronouns such as ` they , ' ` them ' , or ` their ' instead of ` he , ' and sometimes wears women 's clothing . austin , texas has a non-discrimination ordinance that bars establishment from denying service to someone based on their sexuality .
former met chief failed to hand over key information to macpherson inquiry . probe stems from complaint from stephen 's father neville lawrence . lord stevens was deputy commissioner of the metropolitan police from 1998 to 2000 -- while the report was being compiled before serving five years as the uk 's most senior policeman .
tv chef will present simply nigella on bbc 2 , a series which focus on ' a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating ' . the show will mark nigella 's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to charles saatchi . she was forced to divulge details of the pair 's tumultuous relationship and her own past drug use .
james is nearly 16 , and i 'm painfully aware that my years of holidaying with him are coming to a close . it is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes -lrb- poland 's lake district -rrb- . the area is unspoiled , but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits .
kent sprouse was convicted of the death of ferris police officer harry marvin ` marty ' steinfeldt iii , who was shot outside the ferris food mart about 20 miles south of dallas . sprouse acknowledged almost immediately after he was arrested more than a decade ago that he should be put to death . no new appeals are pending as sprouse 's lethal injection scheduled for thursday evening approaches .
leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end . after going back to his flat with him one night she made her excuses and left the door unlocked so her boyfriend and a second thug could get inside . they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings .
police scotland 's edinburgh division has seen break-ins soar by nearly 40 per cent . victims branded the move as ` insensitive ' and ` a joke ' . but the move received a backlash , with victims branding it a joke . police internet posting showed scenes of lego criminals attempting to break into people 's homes before being arrested by officers .
paul bakewell , 35 , from walsall , west mids , proposed to partner tara barber , 32 , by asking her to marry him using a giant billboard on the a34 in west mids . the billboard was 20ft-tall and 30ft-wide and featured pictures of the couple and the words : ` tara , you 've changed my life . will you marry me ? ' .
nbc helicopter was following the san bernardino county officers as they pursued a 30-year-old man , francis pusok , in the groin . he falls to the ground before standing up and trying to flee . they stun him again , before launching over to kick him between the legs . thirty seconds in , another deputy runs to join , followed quickly by three more .
sherri tenpenny was due to speak at a number of events in brisbane , sydney , adelaide , melbourne and the gold coast . the australian charities and not-for-profits commission -lrb- acnc -rrb- made the announcement about get rid of sids project on wednesday . the organisation is run by well-known anti-vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger .
ogle-2014-blg-0124lb , the gas giant was detected by the spitzer space telescope and the ogle warsaw telescope in chile . the planet is half as massive as jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the milky way .
baptise davis-bowens attended bethune-cookman university in florida . she claims she was discriminated against because of her weight . the 42-year-old is suing her former college because she was not allowed to try out for the 14 karat gold dancers in 2009 .
just over a quarter of women giving birth in england now have a caesarean . the rate has more than doubled since the early 1990s . experts from the world health organisation said this figure should ideally be between just 10 per cent and 15 per cent , due to the dangers and costs involved .
josiah duggar , 18 , is the latest 19 kids and counting star to announce that he has entered a courtship with 17-year-old marjorie jackson . per the duggar family 's rules of courtship , hand-holding is forbidden until they are engaged and they must also save their first kiss for their wedding day .
shadow education secretary tristram hunt was visiting primary school . he was filmed asking the year six pupil who he would vote for in next month 's election if he could . video of the conversation shows the schoolboy had been ` drinking in propaganda ' from the party 's rivals . she said : ' i do personally support an australian points system ' .
the bull shark took a bite out of his back , torso and head , according to witnesses in palm beach , florida . blood covered the boat which was anchored off the jupiter inlet , a hot spot for fishing . the victim , who has not been identified , was airlifted to st mary 's medical center 's trauma unit .
jack black the friendly jackdaw has become so well-loved in penryn , cornwall , that one fan has set up a facebook page for him . the page has more than 450 members who share their pictures , videos and stories about jack and keep up to date with his daily activities .
the four-bedroom property in central london 's farm street has all the trappings of modern luxury with an indoor swimming pool , gym , lift , cinema room and roof terrace . in 2011 developers took over the site and demolished the house to make way for the plush mansion which now sits in its place .
stephen james hendry has landed down under to start work on a new campaign with windsor smith shoes . the 24-year-old has starred in numerous men 's magazine shoots and graced the runway at fashion weeks . he has already experienced girls screaming and stalking his hotel .
the secret document , which has the exact gps co-ordinates of vital facilities as well as information on the depth of concrete on the runway were published unencrypted on the mod 's website . the details could be used as ` an invasion guide ' by argentina , with the technical information providing excellent intelligence to any argentine bombers sent to attack the islands .
chris copeland , 31 , and his wife , katrine saltare , 28 , were talking in the street just before 4am when a 22-year-old man , shezoy bleary , interrupted them . when copeland told the man to back off , the suspect allegedly pulled out a knife and plunged it into the athlete 's abdomen and elbow . he then turned on saltare stabbing her in the breast , buttocks and arm . another woman , catherine somani , 23
robert cusanelli of boston 's whdh-tv was banned from the aaron hernandez murder trial . two jurors told the court they were trailed by a van as they tried to get into their cars on wednesday . one took a picture of its license plate and another thought he was n't doing anything wrong .
two young girls are catapulted 100mph into the air on a slingshot ride . at the start they seem calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions . both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force , with their eyes glazing over and rolling back .
xiao gao , 11 , from fujian province in south east china , has not said a word in five days after a classmate who allegedly bullied him gave him the water . but medical experts are at a loss to explain his sudden inability to talk and say that the combination of water , perfume and dust should not have caused that type of damage . gao is now awaiting further medical examination as well as an appointment with a psychologist .
ashley dodds , 29 , visited the red hot world buffet on deansgate , manchester . restaurant staff accidentally served the girl a drink with alcohol in it . restaurant bosses admitted to making the mistake but blamed the incident on her mother for leaving her daughter on her own to go out for a cigarette .
wendy goyer claimed her ` small but charming view ' would be obstructed if mr pengilly and ms beachley 's addition was built . the pair 's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $ 2.6 million . warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in august 2013 .
study on richard iii 's skeleton found to a distinctive scoliosisof the spine . now a new academic paper claims that even this condition was probably not known about until after his death . but scans of the skeleton show he was n't a hunchback , but only had a slight deformity that would have barely affected his appearance .
amelia-jane harris , 20 , used to weigh 27st 10lbs -lrb- 388lbs -rrb- . developed crohn 's disease and lost 18 stone in 20 months to become a slim size six . at her largest , she dreamed of pulling off skimpy outfits . but now , weighing just 8st 9lbs and wearing size 6 clothes , she says she would give anything to get back her fuller figure back and be able to eat normally again .
a series of earthquakes that rattled a small texan community have been linked to nearby oil and gas operations . in 84 days from november 2013 to january 2014 , the area around azle , texas , shook with 27 magnitude two or greater earthquakes . now scientists believe these earthquakes were the result of high-pressure injection of drilling wastewater into the ground .
a top judge in brisbane has said that australian women should have the choice to be paid to be a surrogate mother . justice diana bryant told a room full of journalists that surrogacy laws currently in place need a major overhaul to prevent cases of abandonment . she believes that because commercial surrogacy is banned in australia , hopeful parents are forced to enter into unlawful arrangements overseas .
the unique experiment tracked stolen data from california as it travelled the globe , and found that it landed in five different continents and 22 countries within two weeks . overall , the data was viewed more than 1,000 times and downloaded 47 times ; some activity had connections to crime syndicates in nigeria and russia .
captain of flight ai611 complained co-pilot misbehaved and struck him . air india insists altercation was limited to a verbal argument . captain flew plane to jaipur and then informed staff of ` critical take-off figures ' . indian aviation officials have launched an investigation into the incident .
sonle and mike stack are at the center of a political struggle over who will take over the seat in pennsylvania 's state senate which stack vacated to become lieutenant governor in january . tonya stack reportedly dumped cola on state representative kevin boyle in an unseemly row at a fundraiser in honor of a slain afghanistan veteran .
nearly half of british public believe the duchess of cornwall should become queen consort when prince charles accedes to the throne . 35 per cent believe she should be given a lesser title out of respect to diana , princess of wales and 16 per cent were undecided . half of those polled believe camilla does a good job of carrying out her official duties .
kyle iveson burst into a convenience store and demanded cash from shop assistant karen brown , the mother of his daughter . he attempted to disguise his identity by lowering his voice . but she instantly recognised him and was able to report him to the police . he escaped with # 650 but was quickly arrested and has now pleaded guilty to robbery and being in possession of a bladed article .
former secretary of state and first lady kicked off her campaign , which was launched last week , in iowa and will move on to new hampshire on monday . bill clinton was in oklahoma city to speak at a ceremony marking the 20th anniversary of the car bombing that killed 168 people at the alfred p murrah federal building in 1995 .
kim richards is speaking out for the first time since her shocking arrest last week following a drunken altercation at the beverly hills hotel . about her april 16 arrest , richards reveals , ' i was angry and frightened and i was scared . i knew what i had done . none of this would have happened if i did n't drink ' . the 50-year-old is slated to discuss is her longtime struggle with alcoholism .
betty johnson of missouri , a chiefs season ticket holder since 1986 , had said goodbye to everyone except for her team . but her wish was granted on thursday after a visit from chiefs hall of famer nick lowery , and johnson passed away shortly after , just as he was leaving . ' i believe she -lsb- was -rsb- holding on to say goodbye to her chiefs , ' her daughter susan told kctv5 .
sarah stage , 30 , took to instagram on monday to share a photo of herself in a gold lamé bikini . the mom-to-be came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against her unusually trim and toned figure . their comments have n't stopped the model from sharing numerous photos of her tight abs with her 1.5 million instagram followers .
chen yuntao , 38 , wears a horse mask as he kneels on the streets of hefei city . he is trying to raise money for his son 's ever-growing medical bills . the family is 160,000 yuan -lrb- # 17,500 -rrb- in debt for treatment he has already received .
john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot by the british army in a field in 1974 . a 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in england . he is being taken to northern ireland for questioning at the police 's serious crime suite in antrim , county armagh .
elad hershkowitz , a zookeeper at the zoological center in tel aviv , filmed animals drinking on a gopro camera . he placed the camera in the animals ' water troughs and filmed them for a total of 30 hours . the 26-year-old then cut the final footage down to four minutes .
australia 's ` tiny hearts and balls of steel ' could be copied by britain , according to a british commentator . katie hopkins has written that tony abbott 's strategy of ` threatening them with violence until they bugger off ' . she said australians are ` like britians -lrb- australian -rrb- but with balls of tiny hearts ' .
timothy fradeneck was arraigned on first-degree murder charges in the deaths of his wife and two children , whose bodies were found monday evening in their eastpointe , michigan home . the 38-year-old told a judge wednesday that he wants to plead insanity . he is also charged with child abuse .
the campaign was kicked off by jaime singleton , who saw the baby elephant , nadia , tied to a pole outside a restaurant at marina phuket resort in december last year . the change.org petition , titled ` please release nadia to a sanctuary immediately and let her live the life she deserves ! ' , has received 50,627 signatures since it was launched a month ago . the target is 75,000 .
top of the list is ` death ' for anyone who insults god or his messenger or blasphemes against islam . adulterers who engage in a sexual relationship are to be stoned to death , while couples who have an affair without sexual contact can expect the more lenient punishment of 100 lashes and ` banishment ' from the community .
a campaign video sees dr vivek murthy and the sesame street favourite go through the process of getting vaccinated . in what appears to be a direct response to anti-vaccination campaigners , elmo and dr murthy questions why everybody does not get a shot . elmo tells him he is ` worried about getting a shot ' .
peter and st paul church filed in for the easter sunday service , thoughts naturally turned to the meaning of sacrifice . the walkout means it will be the first time in 200 years that the church , which is famed for its timber-framed tudor buildings , will be without a choir .
george osborne has avoided calls to rule out further help for the country 's top earners . he says the conservatives are committed to raising the tax-free personal allowance bracket from # 10,000 to # 12,500 . those earning above # 150,000 are taxed at the higher rate of 45 per cent .
raffaele sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of killing british student meredith kercher . the 31-year-old was seen looking at a # 105,000 bmw at a car dealership in rome , italy . the italian was out about with a blonde companion browsing through the underwear section of a shop .
the 4wd , containing four children and an adult , crashed into a lake at wyndham vale in melbourne 's outer west , just before 4pm . police believe that all children are under the age of six . another child , who died en route to the royal children 's hospital , was aged one and a half . the relation between the female driver and the four children are not yet known but the woman is currently under police guard in hospital .
images posted on social media , including the shomoukh al-islam jihadi forum , under the title leveling graves and erasing pagan symbols . it 's the latest shocking act by the islamists who are waging a campaign of terror against other religions that has involved mass beheadings and raping .
dishevelled commuters across new south wales ' coastline are mourning the loss of their umbrellas on social media . gale force winds destroy even the sturdiest of frames , with winds of up to 135km/h battering the east coast . many have learned the hard way that their trusty shelters ca n't withstand cyclone strength conditions .
richard sherman shared a photo of him and his girlfriend ashley moss with their son rayden on instagram on thursday . on february 5 , just four days after that agonizing defeat , sherman and the seattle seahawks fell to the new england patriots in this year 's super bowl . sherman will also be undergoing surgery to repair a torn ligament in his left elbow .
sharon edwards , 55 , was last seen between 10pm and 11pm on march 14 in grafton , nsw . her wallet and handbag are missing but she has not accessed any of her bank or social media accounts . police and family say they hold ` grave concerns ' for her welfare as it is extremely out of character .
jafar adeli , of afghani origin , was snared by paedophile group letzgo hunting . he arranged to meet someone he believed to be a young girl after engaging in sexual conversations online and sending an indecent image of himself . adeli agreed to pay for ` amy 's ' bus fare to make the 13-mile journey from hinckley to leicester . when he arrived , he had three condoms in his pocket . but instead of being greeted by a schoolgirl
emily-jane clark , who runs the site how to survive a sleep thief , has compiled a list of the ways visitors can avoid annoying a new mother . they include bringing gifts for the mum and coming armed with chocolate and coffee - read on to find out more . do not arrive unannounced to ` give us a break from the baby ' .
a man has captured a bizarre clash between a kangaroo and a pair of domestic dogs that lasted for over nine hours . jon czerniecki positioned trail cameras to spot deer on his grandparents ' farm near wangaratta , northeast victoria , over the easter long weekend . the disturbing nine hour vision shows the two canines ganging up on the injured marsupial as it lies on its back .
joanne bolton was stabbed over 14 times before being knocked out with a mental bar after being held captive in her own home . the 35-year-old told how she thought she was going to die at the hands of steven young during the ` brutal and merciless ' ordeal . but this did not end the nightmare , instead young chose a bigger weapon and continued his violent onslaught .
dawn bainbridge , 47 , led a ` family business ' that saw her and her daughters steal thousands of pounds worth of clothes from high street stores . their company ` designer goods north east ' took more than # 7,000 in online payments in just four months . one daughter boasted of making # 100 a week and said she dreamed of going it alone .
the handbag clinic has opened in chelsea to cater to the needs of well-heeled clientele who want to restore their bags to their former glory . famous clients who have indulged in the luxury treatment include imogen thomas and stephanie pratt . it was set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift or a quick repair .
the tiny copper coin , which is smaller than a penny , dates from the iron age almost 2,300 years ago . suggests there were links between the south west of england and the mediterranean . on one side there is a horse 's head , while the other bears the image of the goddess tanit , the chief deity of carthage .
the 18-year-old daughter of actor stephen baldwin , who stars in a new shoot for the may issue of elle magazine . she is known for her close friendship with fellow fashion star kendall jenner . kate also recalls how she was struck by the star 's social media influence .
researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women . tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause , and is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer . just two cups of coffee a day can halve the risk of breast cancer returning .
researchers from manchester university working with drug development company evgen pharma have developed a new combination of drugs . it targets cancer cells that evade conventional drugs and cause tumours to re-grow . they are testing the drug sulforadex in the most common type of breast cancer .
two brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms . selenium is needed for the production of antibodies , important for a healthy immune system , and the hormone thyroxine . almonds are high in fibre , too . eat them with the skin on as this contains antioxidants that help protect body cells from inflammatory damage .
survey of 757 parents was carried out by mumsnet , the uk 's largest internet community for parents . it found that 37 per cent of parents had not told their children how to dial 999 , with 53 per cent claiming they had never even considered teaching them . nearly half - 46 per cent - insisted that their children were not mature enough to know about who to call in an emergency .
british airways promoted its launch of the concorde in the 1970s while trans world airlines -lrb- twa -rrb- promoted its new york route . the adverts were created for the biggest airlines of the day , including twa and canadian pacific , which no longer exist .
jason warnock , 29 , was driving wednesday morning in lewiston , idaho when he saw debris near the road and looked up to see a vehicle crashed into a chain-link fence on the edge of a cliff . he then parked his car , ran up a pedestrian footbridge and pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , out to safety . warnock chatted with sitko for a few minutes , but left as soon as police arrived because he had to get back to work
ed miliband said a second independence poll ` ai n't going to happen ' . former prime minister john major said the snp was ` merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda ' . he accused the tories of ` threatening the integrity of the united kingdom ' .
kate major arrested again after she ` drunkenly attacked ' her husband michael lohan after a heated argument on thursday at their home inebriated . kate reportedly admitted she had been drinking , claimed michael grabbed her by the throat and that the argument was caused by him accusing her of cheating .
christianne boudreau thought her son damien clairmont was going to egypt to study arabic in 2013 . but canadian authorities later told the calgary mother that her son had instead gone to turkey where he crossed the border into syria to join isis . damien had become more extreme in his islamic ideology before he left canada , but never imagined her shy and peaceful son would actually become a jihadi .
wylie brys was digging with his dad , tim brys , back in september . the pair had been finding fish vertebrae , but when wylie came back with the bone , brys asked him to take him to where he found it . scientists from southern methodist university have helped a dallas zookeeper and his son excavate the fossil .
airbus is set to introduce an extra seat to each row of its airbus a380 model . from 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space . two manufacturers , zodiac and geven , have agreed to deliver the seats . the change is due to come into place in 2017 .
eve addison , 24 , developed a strange swelling in her collarbone whenever she drank gin and tonic - and assumed she must have develoepd an allergy . the most common symptom of hodgkin lymphoma is one or more painless swellings in the neck , armpit or groin .
betty willis died in her overton , nevada , home on sunday , according to an obituary on the virgin valley & moapa valley mortuaries ' website . the 91-year-old artist 's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of las vegas boulevard south of the strip .
tykeran hamilton , 25 , borrowed the black bmw 3 series and drove it around gloucester after spending a night drinking and taking drugs . he spotted a friend waiting for a bus , leaned out of the window and shouted ` watch this ' before accelerating up to 70mph on a residential road . he crashed into alan knight , 64 , who was crossing the road while on his morning paper round , then drove away at high speed . hamilton admitted causing death by dangerous driving ,
catherine gerhardt uses her experiences to educate other adults and children on how to deal with online ` flamers ' . she teaches the children to follow ice : ignore , communicate and exit in order to deter bullies . ms gerhardt tells her students that by ignoring , the bully is being frozen in their tracks with nowhere to go .
the andaz liverpool street hotel in london is built on the site of england 's first hospital for the mentally ill . the foyer is a place of almost temple-like peacefulness , as if hermetically sealed from the outside . even emergency service sirens are little more than distant bleeps .
ricky john , 15 , died after jumping into river great ouse in hartford , cambridgeshire , despite being unable to swim . coroner belinda cheney said she would now write to government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education . hearing heard that swimming is compulsory during primary school .
nanny lidia quilligana was arrested in danbury , connecticut last month after police viewed a video that allegedly showed her choking and beating a 3-year-old girl . she was also caught allegedly burning the legs , arms and handsof the girl on a hot stove as she screamed out in pain . this after the girl 's family set up a nanny cam thinking that something was happening to the girl .
photographer arwed messmer found the pictures in a box at the stasi archive in berlin , where mile upon mile of yellowing . he said : ` reenactment mfs ' - the ministry for state security better known as the ` stasi ' during the 40 year existence of the east german state .
a new poll on modern families reveals almost a quarter of brits prefer their pets to their in-laws . of the 2,071 people surveyed , 22 per cent cited their pets as a close family member but below grandparents at 26 per cent . more than one in 10 british families now live in ` blended ' families as more people with children divorce , remarry other parents and their households merge .
kezzia french , 46 , thought she had laid andrea to rest in 1999 . but only found out more than a decade later that police had removed virtually all her vital organs . andrea 's body was returned to ms french fully-clothed and a funeral was held shortly after the tragic death in april 1999 .
sienna miller 's ` low hip ' measurement should be 36 1/2 in while their ` high hip ' should come in at 35in . hopeful extra must not have tattoos or body piercings and must be prepared to cut her hair into a messy bob , just like miss miller .
thousands of law-abiding motorists have had their cars clamped . ignorant they must fork out for a new digital one -- even if the existing paper disc is months from expiry -- rising numbers of drivers are falling prey to clampers . critics allege the dvla has been operating a ` money-making scam ' .
former missouri auditor tom schweich had talked for years of taking his life - but left no suicide note when he fatally shot himself , investigators said tuesday . police in the st. louis suburb of clayton said they have found nothing to suggest the death of former governor nicole galloway .
the men spend their days hauling heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of cement over a rickety wooden walkway . pingjiang county , hunan province is well-known for its mountains , with the mufu mountain range sweeping through most of the province . local authorities have tried to capitalise on this popularity by building a winding series of mountain roads and glass walkways .
pictures released by french defence audio-visual communication and production unit . taken during an airborne operation at the ` salvador pass ' at the border between libya and niger . shots show part of the anti-jihadist operation in the sahel -- the desert region which stretches across north africa .
arizona is leading the way with plans to create artificial rain clouds by flying planes over the rockies , and seeding the sky with silver iodide . the process of cloud seeding was first proposed in the 1940s at the general electric labs in schenectady , new york .
the all-gender restroom has opened in the eisenhower executive office building . the facility is the first of its kind at the white house . spokesman jeff tiller said it 's something that fits in with the administration 's stance on lgbt issues . his comment came after the restroom had been alluded to by senior adviser to the president valerie jarrett in an op-ed .
four young sisters were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother 's home in the middle of the night . the scenes of the girl 's forced return caused widespread outcry , particularly as the girls ' mother portrayed the cruelty of the dad . the girls , then nine to 14 years old , had a ` monster ' of a father who abused them and their mother , or so the story went after the girls were removed .
scientists at brandeis university in massachusetts believe all-nighters to cram before an exam wo n't work because the process converting short-term memory is best carried out when a person is asleep . one body of thinking questions whether the mechanism that promotes sleep is also responsible for consolidating memory .
dale forrest , 26 , of bolton , would sink up to 12 pints a night . but he decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself . in december 2013 , the bank teller decided to ditch the booze . ballooned to 24 stone - before giving up beer to lose weight .
jacob tomsky , author of heads in beds : a reckless memoir of hotels , hustles , and so-called hospitality . despite common misconceptions , you actually can get away with stealing that coveted hotel room robe . when it comes to pocketing toiletries , you can occasionally even ask for more .
robert tomanovich , who owns robert 's discount tree service in livonia , michigan , first hung a noose from a tree and a confederate flag , printed with the slogan ' i ai n't coming down ' . when neighbours complained , a second noose appeared on a tree outside his tree-cutting business which operates at a second property on the same street .
as many as 20 per cent of people suffer with the occasional single mouth ulcer and these are of no consequence . these small painful ulcers usually last no more than ten days and require no treatment . coeliac can be identified on specific blood tests and crohn 's on a thorough history .
judge jerry baxter had delayed sentencing by a day and encouraged all to negotiate deals with prosecutors . but only two agreed to deals . in both those cases , baxter followed the state 's recommendations . he called the cheating scandal ` the sickest thing that 's ever happened in this town ' .
tavon watson , 24 , was doing 100mph at the exotic driving experience at walt disney world in orlando . he slammed the $ 220,000 lamborghini on the passenger side into a guardrail , killing 35-year-old race track employee gary terry . the fhp is now investigating whether cars at the private track are set up to travel in the opposite , clockwise direction of the guardrails .
ukip 's vote has fallen in nine of the 10 battleground constituencies . support for mr farage 's party has more than halved in two seats . comes after a leaked poll revealed farage is on course to lose election . he is now sitting in second place in the kent constituency .
michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey claims she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce , but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy . the mother of twins , who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old , was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child after a medical examiner determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt
the video is designed to show that despite their claims to the contrary , the tories , lib dems , labour and ukip are all singing the same tune on cuts , public services and immigration . the song , change the tune , features comedians playing the four party leaders forming a boyband called coalition .
love food hate waste will store details of all the foods you have at home and alerts you to duplicate buys . from apps which tell you where to get free cocktails to those that show you how to make the most of leftovers . femail has picked the ten every foodie should have where chefs eat , # 10.99 ios .
iran has forbidden citizens from travelling to saudia arabia 's holy sites . announcement comes amid escalating tensions between the two regional powers . iran 's foreign ministry has said the two boys , aged 14 and 15 , were abused by airport security after they were separated from other passengers for body searches .
margaret gretton , 46 , has been banned from classrooms for labelling an asian job applicant ` taliban ' and calling special needs pupils ` roadkill ' . she referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of ` bombs and blowing up the school ' . the panel said she showed no remorse for ` deliberate ' and ` repeated ' actions .
annegret raunigk , 65 , was plunged into a vortex of travel and trials thanks to the wish of daughter leila , who turns ten this year . but there are major fears that the health risks for her unborn quads will spike massively if they are induced early . annegret is weathering the debate centred on the rights or wrongs of her decision to both become pregnant and raise the children with cool detachment .
the ben canaan family have left behind gloriavale for the outside world . they fled some 300km south to the town of timaru , where supporters from the marchwiel reformed baptist church community have helped them adapt to a world where christmas and birthdays are celebrated . james and hope last month declared they were living in a ` false system ' .
secretary of state john kerry ` is delusional ' if he expected to claim the iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they did n't and get away with it . mccain , responding to the supreme leader of iran 's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is ` instant ' .
hannah moore , 20 , from broxburn in west lothian , shared photos of her post-childbirth body on instagram . the mum-of-twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ` nudity and violence ' which breach the site 's decency guidelines .
australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression . the minister for investment and trade , who battled depression for 43 years , appeared on abc 's q&a program . he said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach .
rebecca calder , 24 , went out drinking on the same night she used her victims ' bank cards to withdraw large amounts of money . at her peak she was draining up to # 300 a day from her disabled victims ' accounts , spending it on nights out and items such as shoes . officers discovered calder had stolen more than # 5,000 from the savings of the elderly couple who suffered from mental and physical disabilities .
rajul patel , 35 , targeted wealthy victims as they worked out at virgin active health clubs across london . in one spree , patel stole a man 's platinum wedding ring , first-year anniversary ring , and a 40th birthday bracelet . he was finally stopped when another gym member spotted him returning to the changing room lockers five minutes after beginning his workout .
liam marshall-ascough is standing to be an mp in stoke-on-trent central . he has a 5,500 labour majority in 2010 , and is a traditional labour stronghold . the candidate has insisted the photos , taken seven years ago , show him out having fun with close friends ` like a normal person ' .
trevor vale took to his social media account while on a long-haul trip from darwin to melbourne to appeal to his fellow countrymen . in the video , which has been viewed over 800,000 times , mr vale calls on australians to make it their business to attend an anzac day service . a small number of people admitted that last year they made their way to a dawn service , claiming it was too wet or too early to get out of bed
ronnie lungu was singled out as ' a marked man ' by wiltshire police . it found the 40-year-old was passed over for promotion in favour of white colleagues after his internal assessments were secretly downgraded to make him appear unworthy of promotion . it also heard evidence that derogatory comments were made about mr lungu based on his colour violating his dignity .
tavon watson , 24 , was taking racing advice from instructor gary terry on sunday when he lost control of the italian supercar at the exotic driving experience in florida . watson was rushed to celebration hospital near lake buene vista for treatment where he was later declared stable .
the ship capsized after being hit by nine torpedoes during the december 7 , 1941 surprise attack from japanese forces . altogether , 429 sailors and marines onboard were killed . only 35 were identified in the years immediately after . hundreds were buried as unknowns at cemeteries in hawaii .
max muggeridge , 19 , from coomera in qld , was camping at tweed heads just across the nsw border with his girlfriend when the pair decided to go for an early morning fish . the massive creature is one of the largest tiger sharks ever caught off a beach , according to max . he also said the massive three hour battle left him with some serious battle wounds .
aaron hernandez , 25 , has pleaded not guilty to murder and firearms charges in the death of odin lloyd , a semiprofessional football player who was dating his fiancée 's sister . prosecutors say the former tight end and two friends , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , picked up lloyd at his boston home before dawn on june 17 , 2013 . the former new england patriots football player was dating lloyd '
yaphet kotto said the role was created by ian fleming for a white actor . his comments come in response to months of speculation that black british actor idris elba is in the running to be named as daniel craig 's successor . kotto argued that a black man could play 003 or 006 , but could not be 007 .
labour said the ` marie antoinette ' moment showed ` just how out of touch the tories are ' about the lives of working people . future of zero-hours deals has become of the key issues of the election battle over jobs , with labour pledging to ban exploitative deals .
fox news anchor chris wallace has issued an apology after ` fat shaming ' kelly clarkson in a radio interview . the 67-year-old said the singer and new mom could ` stay off the deep dish pizza for a while ' . within minutes , wallace 's response had sparked outrage online .
more than 40 years after the exorcist left cinema audiences green , the vatican has gathered a team of experts including practising exorcists to give ordinary catholics the tools needed to recognise a case of demonic possession . the tenth edition of the annual course , ` exorcism and prayer of liberation , ' began this morning at rome 's regina apostolorum university .
new york city police detectives wenjian liu and rafael ramos are honored on a giant video screen before the start of the new york mets home opening day . the families of two slain officers threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the mets ' home opener at citi field on monday . the widow of american sniper chris kyle , taya kyle pitched in for the san diego padres .
the exotic dancers were hired by the deceased 's own wife . they showed off their moves in a scene more fitting to a strip club . at one stage they even draped themselves over the casket . mrs jian , from taiwan , said she knew her spouse always had an eye for the ladies .
the 16th edition has attracted large crowds as festival goers danced around in the sun while performers including the headlining act ac/dc was scheduled to take the stage . this year 's lineup includes drake , florence and the machine , fka twigs , david guetta , the weeknd , kasabian , alt-j and toro y moi among others .
the two-year-old boy fell into the cheetah exhibit at the cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio on saturday . his parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo , said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday .
princess salwa aga khan has given birth to her first child . the baby , named prince irfan , was born in the swiss city of geneva . both mother and child are doing well . news of the birth has been greeted with joy by followers of the aga .
whitney fetters , 28 , from putnam city , oklahoma , turned herself into cops in february after other students told teachers about the pictures but she was released after posting $ 10,000 bail . on wednesday , prosecutors charged her with one count of soliciting sex with a minor and possession of marijuana .
the 22-year-old 's kode with karlie scholarships will provide 20 girls between the ages of 13 and 18 free tuition to the same two-week coding course she took last year . ` code is only going to continue to play a major role in defining our future , ' she says .
the 120 piece ready-to-wear collection was inspired by seventies model veruschka and the 1970s period in marrakech . it features both resort wear and sophisticated styles for glamazons with long , flowing maxi skirts and short midi dresses . models wore dark orange , arm cuffs and leather laced heels .
more than 140 children have been removed from schools in washington . health experts in the us have warned there could be a danger of reversing the eradication of measles 15 years ago . they are also keen to prevent a return to the outbreak of 1989 when more than 100 people died . this week 143 pupils were removed from their classes in spokane .
leeds-based direct line is running a competition called #everydayfix . they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems . these include forgetting to lock the door , which one company hopes to solve with their forget me lock prototype . they also asked people to pick their top ten ` everyday emergencies ' .
deputy prime minister met by protesters in surbiton , south-west london . chanted : ` nick clegg lied to me , he said uni would be free ' . mr clegg ignored protesters as he stuck to his message that only the lib dems can be trusted to balance the budget without hitting the poor .
christina mejia first outlined her accusations in a lawsuit filed against the cook county sheriff 's office in illinois in 2010 and the trial is scheduled to begin next week . her daughter , jessica , was killed in the early hours of december 31 , 2009 when her ex-boyfriend , nicholas sord , lost control of the car they were traveling in and smashed into a pole . when deputies arrived on the scene , they improperly removed clothing and took photographs of her ,
the white rhino looks like the main battle tank of an extra-terrestrial army , while the black is more like a hot-rod armoured car . the greater one-horned rhino sometimes called the indian rhino , for they could n't possibly be part of the 21st century .
moira gemmill , 55 , was cycling to work at st james 's palace when she collided with a lorry near lambeth bridge in westminster . the leading art and design figure , who had recently been chosen to oversee a programme of renovations at windsor castle , was the fifth cyclist killed on london 's road this year .
dustin irons , 26 , was appearing over video-link to a court in oregon when he managed to pull down his pants for the lewd gesture . after the shocking incident sheriffs from the umatilla sheriff 's office quickly covered him up and.bundled him back to his cell . irons has been in prison since december after he was arrested for trashing a hotel room and assaulting people inside .
tony tancock , 56 , has won accolades for his specially-bred cavies . he has shown them off at events around the country . but he was devastated after a thief snuck into an outbuilding at his home . tony yesterday issued a desperate plea to the thief to return the pets .
michael scott shemansky , 57 , was found dead at the west colonial drive home when an out-of-state family member called in a well-being check . his mother was there to help him as he went through a divorce . his wife filed a domestic violence injunction against him two years ago .
former white house aide kristina schake is reportedly behind the drive to get another first lady - ex-secretary of state , hillary clinton . ms schake , 45 , has been brought on to mrs clinton 's 2016 communications team to help recast her image . she will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer , more accessible one .
the woman who owned the car jumped onto the bonnet of her honda . but the incident came to a climactic end when a man passing by produced a gun and fired a shot . police have hailed the passer-by as a hero for possibly saving the woman 's life when he is discharged .
an orthodox easter sunday was held , thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios . dozens of brave souls attend the late-night services inside the churches of aghios markos and panaghia erithiani while the annual battle is held . the custom dates back to the 19th century , when the island was under turkish occupation , but may have older roots .
laurie holloway was invited to buckingham palace to accompany herself and the queen for the performance which was recorded on a cassette tape . the royals recorded songs such as i know where the flies go in winter time , which were incredibly popular when the queen and her sister were growing up . the queen was 64 at the time and margaret 59 .
matthew kenney , 34 , ran though traffic early on saturday evening while only wearing sneakers in fort lauderdale , florida . flakka , which can be injected , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances , has been nicknamed ' $ 5 insanity ' for its mind-bending effects and cheap cost . he was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation .
more than 50 years on , that same fascination still shines out of every page of naturalists in paradise : wallace , bates and spruce in the amazon . richard mason , became the last englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe , when he was murdered with bows and arrows .
the publisher of guitar hero is readying a comeback tour . called guitar hero live , the revamped game features a redesigned guitar and online music video network . it will cast players as an up-and-coming guitarist in a fictitious band . instead of playing along with computer-generated characters , players will see a first-person view of their band and audiences portrayed by human actors .
anne-louise van den nieuwenhof was diagnosed with a rare bone and soft tissue cancer , called ewing 's sarcoma , aged just five . she went on to defy all the odds against her , eventually moving to canada where she worked as a nurse and began raising her own family . however , she died during a routine hospital check-up for her baby girl . a fundraising page set up by her friends has raised an incredible $ 40,000 in her memory
vietnamese woman was waiting to board at tan son nhat international airport in ho chi minh city , vietnam , when the incident took place . nguyen thi hang , 35 , placed her luggage on the scales , and then lashed out hitting an airport worker in the face . the woman , who signed a statement admitting the incident in the aftermath , has been fined vnd7 .5 million , which roughly equates to # 240 - much more than an additional weight increase would have
jiaro mendez and elias acevedo were both found to be ` highly intoxicated ' by tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment . the pair , covered in blood , were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body . acevedon , 21 , has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon .
four koalas have been sent from australia as a gift to mark singapore 's 50th anniversary of independence . the furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on monday . the move will then be made permanent after their enclosure is completed .
dan price , the ceo of a seattle startup , has instituted a $ 70,000 minimum wage at his credit card processing company . he 's also taking up to 80percent of the firm 's $ 2.2 million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries . the policy will raise the wages for 70 of the company 's workers - more than half the staff .
sales of books about the religion were three times higher in the first quarter of 2015 compared to the same time last year . it comes as a special magazine supplement from philosphie which focused in the koran also saw a spike in sales . experts believe people are buying the books and magazines , because they want a better understanding of the religion .
stephanie hannon , who was the tech giant 's director of productmanagement for civic innovation and social impact , will serve as her presidential campaign 's chief technology officer . hannon previously worked on gmail and google maps . she also worked for the event-organizing website eventbrite .
crescent 's facade will look near-on identical to its current design . residents who live behind the site are furious at the proposals . pcw property holdings paid # 105million for the crescent in 2013 . it will be made up of 73 homes , ranging from studios and mews houses to five-bed flats worth # 15million .
nsw ses have received more than 6500 requests for help since the storms began on monday . flash flooding , trees down and power outages across the sydney , newcastle and hunter regions . people have reacted with disgust to the attempt to con people out of their money , condemning those responsible for trying to benefit from a crisis .
japanese artist megumi igarashi said she had done nothing wrong in handing out the code for a 3d printer . ' i am innocent because neither the data for female genitals nor my art works shaped like female genitals are obscene , ' she told judges at tokyo district court . in a case that has sparked accusations of heavy-handed censorship .
the annual water temple fair in jiangnan , china , sees thousands gather on boats to pray for good fortune for the upcoming year . locals dress up in traditional costumes , while boat races , drumming and dragon dances bring a carnival atmosphere to the town of jia xing . the traditional local folklore carnival pays homage to liu chengzhong , a figure who led people in annihilating locusts in the yuan dynasty .
shoppers taking advantage of cheaper milk , vegetables and clothes . low cost of oil makes transporting and selling goods even cheaper . biggest fall in prices in a single year since records began nine years ago . fresh food prices have dropped by around 0.9 % in the last 12 months . cheese and milk have seen some of the biggest falls in prices .
audrey bolte told the ohio court she was looking forward to seeing poston , 29 , at a bar to play pool and drink on october 12 , 2012 , but he failed to arrive . that was because shayna hubers had shot him six times at home - during which she allegedly ` cackled ' with glee . hubers , who was 21 at the time , denies murdering her lawyer boyfriend and claims she shot him in self-defense .
claudio giardiello , 46 , killed his lawyer lorenzo alberto claris appiani , 37 , and his co-defendant before shooting dead judge fernando ciampi . prosecutors said the attack was carried out with ` cold premeditation ' . fourth victim had no visible injuries and is thought to have died of a heart attack .
katie hopkins , 40 , said vessels ` need pushing back ' and asked listeners to show : ` why do we take on everyone else 's problem ? ' . she was described as a ` manifestation of the culture of toxic hate that is prevalent in the uk ' . more than 900 people are feared dead after the fishing boat overturned .
jimmy anderson beat sir ian botham 's all-time england wicket-taking record . anderson took the wicket of denesh ramdin to claim his 384th scalp . england captain dennis ramdin caught in the gully by james treadwell .
the collector 's paradise in horfield , bristol , has gone untouched for more than 80 years . it comes complete with the original bathroom , kitchen , stained-glass windows and even the vintage cupboards . the three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen , a brick open-face fire and dated kitchen sink .
politicians ' living quarters are under close inspection in order to establish how human and how like us they really are . samantha and david cameron 's home has been put into the spotlight recently but do his belongings live up to etiquette expert william hanson 's expectations . use my short household audit to see how many of the below items you own and discover how posh your pile really is .
patrick henry kelly , from eden prairie , has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week . he faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted . lucia , 44 , detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on the current 's website on wednesday .
an introduction to the chat show argued that norway 's child protection service argued that it was deliberately targeting lithuanian children which were seen as a ` sought-after commodity ' . an ` expert ' on the controversial service told show host rūta mikelkevičiūte that the country needed fresh blood to combat its rates of inbreeding .
george davon kennedy of dekalb , georgia , a student at middle tennessee state university , was taken in tuesday night as police believe he is one of the men caught on video raping a woman in panama city . the brief cellphone clip came to light earlier this week as deputies continued searching for two additional suspects in the march attack . now , only one suspect remains at large .
two women , believed to be off-duty ryanair members of staff , were passengers on the plane and were not wearing their uniform . irish aviation authority has decided to probe the incident , which took place on good friday , after fellow passengers on board expressed their concerns about the behaviour . the passenger also claimed she had seen the two women ` drinking in the airport ' before the flight out .
andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , shed more than three stone . the mother-of-one hit her target weight in december 2014 , shrinking from 14st to 10st 5lb , before dying her blonde locks dark brown . the bank worker received a curious compliment when her husband 's colleagues thought robbie had traded his wife in for a younger , slimmer model .
uk oil & gas investments has backtracked on its claims the uk could be sitting on an oil reserve larger than what has been extracted from the north sea and kuwait . ukog 's chairman david lenigas insisted at the time that the oil would create thousands of jobs .
david nicholson , 48 , sent explicit messages saying he was ` looking forward to putting you over my knee ' , it is claimed . married father-of-four has not returned to the costello school in basingstoke , hampshire , since the correspondence came to light last month .
lauren york , 15 , was found monday afternoon , a day after run away from her home in north ridgeville , ohio . her parents believe she left their home around 4am , and first noticed she was missing when they woke up to have easter breakfast . earlier in the day , lauren 's mother worridly posted on facebook fears that she may be heading out of the state .
gitte denteneer asked staff at the rubens eaterie in leuven , belgium , to warm up her baby 's feeding bottle . but when she came to pay , she was stunned to find that 50 cents had been added onto the bill . her total bill last sunday came to around # 20 , including an omlette , two cappuccinos and two caramel desserts .
danielle and alexander meitiv , both scientists in maryland , made headlines just before christmas when police found rafi , 10 and dvora , six , wandering the sidewalk on their own . on sunday , a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home . the children were picked up by police , who say they followed protocol by turning them over to cps .
the arts and music extravaganza in the californian desert are known for their ` out there ' outfit choices . yet even among the acres of exposed flesh , mesh maxi dresses , skintight patterned leggings and leotards , a few stars ' dubious style still managed to stand out .
dr habeeb latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three women . the 48-year-old told them he needed to place objects in their hands . instead the family gp allegedly unzipped his trousers and placed his penis in their grip . one of the women suspected he was also using his penis and turned to see him bent over and doing up his zip .
joshua corbett , 50 , faces charges of stalking and burglary this week . allegedly broke into sandra 's home in june last year brandishing a love letter for the actress . corbett also is charged with having an arsenal of illegal weapons , including assault weapons , tracer ammunition and machine guns .
the gardena toddler reportedly shouted ` mommy ' before her mother turned around and could not find her daughter around 4.55 pm on thursday . her girl , who has not been identified , was found injured outside of jim 's burgers 13 miles away and was spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster . police , who originally said she was ok , would not describe the extent of her injuries .
rajee narinesingh was one of the victims of ` toxic tush ' doctor oneal ron morris , who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as fix-a-flat , super glue and mineral oil . rajee had morris inject her cheeks , lips and chin back in 2005 , and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon . she was recently treated by dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif
jeremy scott 's spring/summer 2015 collection for moschino caused an insta-stampede . olivia phillips , 30 , a journalist at emirates woman , decided to find out by taking to the streets of dubai dressed as the iconic doll .
the five-day-old hippopotamus was seen being hurled into the air after it strayed into the firing line of an adult male . the calf 's mother watched in horror as the hippo was flung along the surface of the water in the isimangaliso wetland park , in eastern south africa .
photo was taken by a person who claims to be a student at geelong college . the picture is believed to show disgraced principal andrew barr surfing for pornography while on-the-clock . in the picture , the man has his back to the camera and graphic images can be seen on his computer screen .
the boeing 757 continued its 3,700-mile journey from reykjavik , iceland , to denver , colorado on tuesday . the hole was at a point in the plane where weather radars are housed , but the plane landed safely in denver and no one was injured .
the 32-year-old taliban henchman has won the right to stay in britain . he admitted that his father was in charge of 65 taliban troops . but claimed he only agreed to join the terrorist group because he was worried about his safety . also claimed he had been tortured during four years in jail in kandahar .
danila kislitsyn told police it was his duty to eliminate dogs from the streets . the 31-year-old would travel around russian city using poisoned sausages . officials heard attacks were revenge as he blamed animals for him contracting tuberculosis several years previously which had left him in a weakened state .
christopher lawler said he was pinned to a chair and groped by a male member of staff on his first day working at clarence house . the ordeal left him in tears and he left the job the same day . he finally decided to contact palace officials again last year after inquiries began into alleged cover-ups of child sex abuse by a vip paedophile ring in the 1970s and 80s .
sky is the new black by screening every episode in a full season marathon . cable tv 's foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed us women 's prison drama orange . the one lingering issue that adversely affects netflix 's operations in australia is pre-existing distribution deals cut for its original shows .
red squirrels have returned to one of britain 's most stunning beauty spots . native reds have been almost wiped out in the country , except for a few pockets in the north of england , the isle of wight and scotland . experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area .
housing chiefs accused of hypocrisy for opposing plans to revive margaret thatcher 's flagship right-to-buy policy . but housing associations responded furiously -- with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ` right to steal ' . there were even threats of a legal challenge , potentially under european human rights laws .
eli and silas keslar of yuma , arizona , were pulled out of the canal friday morning after falling into the canal . authorities have not yet identified the victims , a go fund me page set up this weekend named them and their parents , mark and alexis . the fund to cover memorial and medical costs has already raised over $ 10,000 .
emily ratajkowski shot to fame as the half-naked cavorting star of robin thicke 's steamy blurred lines video and landed a role in gone girl . the american model , 23 , saw her star rocket since being cast in the video for the controversial song featuring t.i. and pharrell in 2013 .
vivien leigh played scarlett o'hara in the 1939 film gone with the wind . the dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes . tumblin began collecting onscreen costumes , props and behind-the-scenes artifacts from the film in the 1960s .
the spacious five bedroom home , based in the same building where 1950s pin-up and hollywood icon ava gardner spent her final years . entered through a long entrance hall , it has a grand double-sized reception room , private study and kitchen/breakfast room . the luxurious bedroom , decorated in purple and neutral colours , is one of five at the flat which also boasts a private study .
hillary clinton 's secret service-provided ` scooby ' van motored from concord to boston logan international airport , escorted by troopers from both new hampshire and massachusetts . she arrived in time to take a 7:00 p.m. us airways shuttle to washington , d.c. on the way , her motorcade passed exits to the manchester , n.h. airport , which was 55 miles closer and offered a 5:16 p.
sarah stage , 30 , from los angeles , came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs . but her son james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last tuesday . only days after welcoming her son into the world , sarah donned black bikini briefs and a patterned bra for her latest snaphsot .
joanna goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds . bosses noticed the high level of refunds and cctv showed goodall taking money from the till . the 30-year-old mother , who is pregnant , admitted the thefts between march 2013 and february 2014 at newcastle crown court .
an investigator blamed a sexist culture and pornography for the mindset that led a utah national guard officer to allow british bikini models to use a military base and equipment . the army times also uncovered attempts by the special forces unit involved in the shoot to remove names and reference to their unit from hot shot material .
the specialised 77 brigade , launched with great fanfare in january . it was widely reported that the brigade would be made up of 2,000 social media and psychological warfare exponents . but the brigade 's commander says he has failed to recruit enough ` talent ' to challenge is 's ascendency online .
jaclyn methuen , who nearly left husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive , continues to put her new husband in the ` friend zone ' . at one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride .
the head of the drug enforcement administration , michele leonhart , is expected to resign soon , an obama administration official said tuesday . she was widely criticized for her response to the report and a group of lawmakers said in a statement that she was ` woefully unable to change ' the agency 's culture .
dr sameer patel , clinical director at the elleven practice in london 's harley street , reveals the dentistry dangers of the ` desk diet ' . he reveals the biggest offenders , and offers advice on how to safeguard your oral health during the working day . probiotic yoghurt can also help decrease bad bacteria in the mouth which in turn limits tooth decay and helps to promote a healthy mouth environment .
eddie raymond tipton , 51 , of norwalk , iowa , was originally charged with two felony counts of fraud when he was arrested in january for illegally playing the lottery . prosecutors argue he installed a self-destructing hack program to make sure the random number generator selected his number in december 2010 . he tampered with security cameras in the building so he would not be caught installing the program .
abc2 's new show , tattoo tales , follows the journey of some of the customers of bondi ink , a busy tattoo parlour on sydney 's eastern beaches . for the past three years , jan bearman has had a new tattoo inked on her shoulder every birthday in memory of her daughter shell . shell died in 2011 at the age of 56 from complications of her diabetes .
ian cyrus has been suspended without pay after being accused of robbing a store while colleagues were arresting workers for selling illegal cigarettes . five new york police department -lrb- nypd -rrb- detectives went to the brooklyn store on friday april 3 and arrested two employees accused of selling untaxed cigarettes .
the 55-year-old tennis coach told closer magazine this week : ` i 'm really looking forward to being a granny . i 've always wanted to have grandchildren , but i had to be patient and let them get married first ' . judy also said that she will take an active part in their lives and that she ca n't wait to teach them about tennis .
researchers from centre for international research in the humanities and social sciences -lrb- cirhus -rrb- in new york city studied neolithic ornaments to understand how farming spread . they found a bump in the road in the adoption of farming , which enabled groups of people to move away from foraging and hunting as a means for survival . these beads are examples of personal ornamites worn by the first european farming societies .
peter kelly was killed on tuesday night when he was stabbed in the chest after he and a friend argued with three teens . one of the teenagers , levi acre-kendall , was charged with one count of first-degree reckless homicide on friday by the polk county attorney 's office . the suspect , who was held on $ 125,000 bail , is now facing a maximum sentence of 60 years of combined prison and extended supervision .
andrew hennells posted details of his plan to rob a tesco supermarket . a quarter of an hour later , police were alerted by a member of the public to a man brandishing a knife demanding cash from staff working at the supermarket 's king 's lynn branch . last month , the 31-year-old admitted robbery and carrying a knife as an offence .
warning : graphic content . images captured by animal rights charity humane society international . they say the baby animals ` are dying a violent death for fur products that nobody is buying ' . once the animals are shot , sealers retrieve the bodies by impaling them with a sharpened hook which forces the seals that are still alive to thrash out .
charlotte watts argues that stress drain nutrients from the body , meaning it shows up in some surprising ways . she recommends the best foods to get rid of each one . some symptoms associated with vitamin or mineral deficiencies can also be a warning sign of the deeper , long-term effects of chronic stress .
french photographer , thomas lamadieu , takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings . on his website thomas says that his artistic aim is to ` show a different perception of urban architecture , what we can construct with a boundless imagination ' .
lewis helget , 27 , appeared on darren goddard 's timeline when he logged into the social networking site with the intention of deleting his account . a quarter of a century earlier , the 48-year-old had made the heartbreaking decision to leave behind his 18-month-old son , who he thought he would never see again .
krista dotzenrod , 24 , from minnesota by the chicago sun times , said it was ` pure luck ' . ' i was sitting there , and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup . it fell straight in there . it all happened in five seconds ' .
the chevrolet-fnr car was unveiled at the shanghai general motors gala night this week . it has ` dragonfly ' swing doors that open upwards and ` crystal laser headlights ' . the car also has magnetic hubless electric wheel motors and a wireless autocharging system . sensors and roof-mounted radar are used to map the environment nearby for self-driving mode .
victoria mckennon is just one class short of fulfilling the necessary requirements to graduate from plano senior high school in texas . the 17-year-old has had to miss dozens of lessons for frequent hospital visits as she struggles with her life-threatening condition . but officials initially refused to allow victoria to join her friends at the prestigious event .
diane priestley was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue . she died of an an aneurysm on arrival at darlington memorial hospital . an ambulance should have been given a response priority of eight minutes . a longer 30 minute response time was assigned - which neas still failed to meet .
pietro boselli , 26 , originally from brescia , italy , tried to keep his modelling a secret from his colleagues at the university college london -lrb- ucl -rrb- . in an interview with the times , he said that when he was trying to establish himself as a teacher , he did n't want to include his work for fashion companies such as abercrombie and fitch .
the couple , who have not been named , were arguing in the parking lot of an apartment complex in the 9800 block of south kirkwood road , south west houston . her husband admitted to police that during the argument he tried to drive off in his green chevrolet pickup truck when she grabbed the door handle , slipped and he ran her over . police say that they questioned the husband extensively but believe his story and have not filed charges against him .
the group , calling themselves hookers for hillary , all work at dennis hof 's infamous moonlite bunny ranch in carson city . they 're supporting the former secretary of state because of her work on health care reform , foreign relation experience , tax reform and responsible government oversight on public health issues .
fire spread through 90 condos on the beach in westhampton on wednesday . it is not known what started the blaze , which was so intense it melted the paint off nearby buildings . twelve fire teams were deployed in a bid to control the flames but could not get inside any of the summer homes .
the bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator . the manual contains now mention of the country 's history , instead devoting its chapters to minor -- and questionable details about kim jong-un 's childhood .
prince george 's birth did nothing to diminish the undeniable global fascination surrounding royal babies . it 's not just brits that are starting to make excited estimations . international research firm , yougov , has conducted a poll asking the uk and the us their opinions on the second child .
british officers were forced to accept the four-day inspection from the experts from moscow under a european arms control treaty . they are attending exercise joint warrior , designed to send a signal to the president in the face of continuing aggression . britain and 11 other nato countries are set to contribute to the naval exercise .
ronald peijenburg , owner of the de zwann restaurant in etten-leur , has previously used a formula 1 racing car , hot air balloon and a helicopter . but the drone , which had a metal can attached containing several asparagus stalks , crashed mid-journey in the netherlands .
geraldine jones , 36 , of gary , indiana , was charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement in the death of samantha fleming , 23 , of anderson . police believe fleming was lured from her home by jones and the new mother brought serenity with her . authorities in texas have taken precautions to make sure jones ca n't leave the hospital and indiana police are hoping to begin extradition proceedings .
the arkansas judge has avoided a disciplinary hearing over the conviction . he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine when he is sentenced in july . maggio , 52 , admitted posting a series of comments that were racist , sexist and offensive towards the lgbt community over the past several years .
mandy greenwood , 39 , from rochdale , greater manchester , said : ` my dad used to tell me he only did it because he loved me . i was more like his wife than his daughter . now he 's in jail the sense of freedom and relief is incredible ' .
the 3,600-passenger , union jack-adorned britannia is the largest ship built for the uk market . my shore excursions on a dash around the mediterranean include a coach tour through corsica 's snowy mountains above ajaccio , where we sample wild boar meat .
amol gupta , from manhattan , is suing zogsports kickball league claiming that during a match two years ago he ran into a brick wall , breaking his nose and elbow . kickball is a popular american schoolyard game akin to baseball where players kick the ball to bat instead of using bats .
warning : graphic content . enoch gaver , 21 , was killed in the fight and suspect david gaver was shot in the stomach and taken into custody . ten-year cottonwood police veteran sgt jeremy daniels was also shot and hospitalized , but has since been released . during the footage , you can hear one of the officers saying they needed to ` separate these folks ' and talk to them .
frances clarkson showed off her tanned figure in a white bikini today . the 53-year-old revealed the results of a week sunbathing over easter . she accessorised with a help for heroes wristband and swept her sun-bleached hair up into a butterfly clip .
kaitlyn granado , 24 , a teacher at macarthur high school in irving , texas , was first arrested on march 19 for having an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student . the teen claims the sexual relationship took place in her car late at night on january 18 and 19 across the road from another school in dallas . she was subsequently suspended from teaching and put on administrative leave by school officials .
nathalie croquet , from paris , has recreated a series of glossy commercials for her project spoof . the exhibition includes parodies of ads from givenchy , lancome , lanvin and acne . natalie said that the project helped her understand her job on a deeper level .
airline codes features 438 airports from 94 countries across the world . they explain the reasons behind the unusual acronyms , such as why many canadian airport codes begin with the letter y. cok . malaga airport did n't want to take its first three letters from the city name as mal means bad in spanish .
hillary clinton and top aide huma abedin did n't leave a tip during their now infamous stop at an ohio chipotle on monday . ` the other lady paid the bill , referring to abedin , the vice chairwoman of clinton 's campaign . she was spotted standing next to clinton in security camera footage released by the toledo-area store .
jay rutland , 34 , saw his company bring in just # 3,378 over 12 months to july 2014 . training consultant 's firm brigante business developments listed in company records as providing ` management consultancy activities ' . latest accounts for the year to 2014 were filed to companies house a fortnight ago .
ex-pm said he wanted to create a ` cadre ' of former leaders to advise governments . he also praised the authoritarian military regime in egypt , which has been accused of human rights abuses . mr blair said he hoped to stay active in both politics and business well into his 90s .
an intentionally mysterious app called none * gives users only one clue . there are no images , music , animations , sound effects or hints to help users . available for ios , android and windows phone devices , the description of the game in stores reads : ` no one really knows what none * game is about ' .
james gregoire was killed following a late night ` altercation ' in clacton . the 54-year-old victim , known as ` pongo ' was killed in what essex police are describing as ` an altercation ' . a third man was seriously injured in the brawl although his injures are not described as life threatening .
netflix has come a long way from its days of mailing dvds to subscribers across the country . its 2,000 employees have a median salary of $ 180,000 now . nine of the top 15 companies are in the tech sector , according to salary data compiled by the recruiting company glassdoor.com .
officer michael slager will be refused the right to hold the baby which his wife jamie is set to give birth to in a few weeks . he is only granted video access to his eight and a half month 's pregnant wife and an officer stands outside the booth whenever he talks to his family . they are not allowed to spend any time together and contact is via video screens with headphones at the charleston county jail .
customers from bulgaria , poland and romania are being offered # 100 for each driver they manage to lure into britain from their home country . employment agency mainline is offering the incentive to any worker who refers a qualified class a hgv driver to undertake work for four weeks .
cecily hamilton , 16 , and her friend taylor swing , 18 , died on march 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in white county and into the water below . shannon hamilton was arrested by deputies on sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in georgia where his daughter had died . his 18-year-old son , kale , captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone and posted the footage on facebook .
wei guiyi , 76 , has guided her blind hubby huang funeng , 80 , around with a bamboo pole in their small village in southern china for 30 years since he lost his sight to a degenerative eye condition . the pensioner never complains about their plights and says she looks forward to every new day .
a group of eritrean refugees told how they were forced to deny their faith or face death at the hands of islamist gunmen in libya . haben , 19 , and his brother samuel , 14 , arrived in sicily a week ago , just days before around 900 people died when their boat capsized . he said his friends had been shot dead by armed isis terrorists who patrol the anarchy-ridden towns and beaches .
the aluminium battery was created at stanford university , california . it is the first high-performance aluminium battery that is ` fast-charging , long-lasting and inexpensive ' . aluminium is cheap and has a low flammability coupled with a high-charge storage capacity . while lithium-ion batteries can take hours to charge , the new battery has ` unprecedented charging times ' of down to one minute .
stephanie scott went missing on easter sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley . the adored english and drama teacher disappeared from leeton , a town in the riverina region of nsw , approximately 550 km west of sydney . ms scott 's father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to .
vera baird donated # 500,000 to victims first northumbria , a charity which supports crime victims in her area . the pair now face a ministry of justice probe as critics accuse them of concocting ' a soap opera ' within the force . it comes after the home secretary implemented a rule allowing pccs to commission services for victims of crime .
the 56-page document was written in 1942 at the government code and cypher school at bletchley park , in buckinghamshire . the notebook , in which he details his work on the foundations of mathematical notation and computer science , was sold for $ 1,025,000 in a fine books & manuscripts sale at bonhams in new york on monday .
shelley dufresne , 32 , confessed in court thursday to having sex with a 16-year-old student in exchange for a plea deal that gets her out of prison time . the former destrehan high school teacher was arrested in september after the teen started bragging to friends at the st charles parish , louisiana school that he had slept with two teachers . an investigation later revealed that the unidentified teen had sex with both his current english teacher and his english teacher
the property is located within 73 acres of daintree rainforest and fringes over 600 metres of far north queensland beachfront . it was designed by architect charles wright and won the australian institute of architects house of the year for queensland in 2014 . the six bedrooms are placed in pods at the end of each ` arm ' of the house , with five fitted with their own balconies .
some 45 per cent of the under-30s surveyed for the british chiropractic association said they had a painful back or neck -- up from 28 per cent last year . almost one in four said they are in pain on a daily basis . chiropractors blame the increase on days and nights spent sitting hunched over mobile phones and tablet computers .
britain is the most expensive place in the world to buy the apple watch . the cheapest model is the 38mm sport version and costs # 299 in the uk . in the us , the same model costs $ 349 , but this does n't include sales tax . sales tax in us depends on the region where the product is sold .
the 25-year-old driver of the white bmw briefly reversed before ramming into a white mercedes and white prius , appearing to trap the other man between the three cars . distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash which saw the men swearing and shouting . it is not clear what sparked the argument .
maya angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning , was issued a forever stamp in honor of her many achievements and contributions . first lady michelle obama and oprah winfrey were just two of the big names in attendance for the unveiling which gave the public a first look at the stamp .
royal caribbean 's legend of the seas docked on tuesday with 135 passengers and 747 crew on 15-night cruise from fort lauderdale , florida . the celebrity infinity , which docked monday , reported 106 people who had fallen ill with norovirus . crews immediately got to work scrubbing down and sanitizing both ships .
ella henderson is official face of the batiste 's 2015 ` ready for it ' campaign . the 19-year-old has been announced as the face of dry shampoo company batiste . campaign images shows the singer with her hair in a tousled half-ponytail .
eloise parry , 21 , ` burned up from the inside ' after swallowing dinitrophenol . she began feeling unwell at around lunchtime and drove herself to hospital . doctors carried out a toxicity test and discovered she was in grave danger . her mother fiona has issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online .
the 56-page book bought in cambridge contains turing 's thoughts on the clearly tricky ` leibniz notation dx/dy ' . it was written at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 and paved the way for computer science . it is believed to be the only extensive turing manuscript known to exist .
marc carn , 29 , was drinking in an irish bar with ten friends near to las ramblas . after he failed to turn up for his flight back home , mr carn 's worried family contacted the foreign office in a bid to track him down . they said his disappearance was out of character and feared he would miss the first birthday of his twins freddie and stanley .
peter endean is standing for nigel farage 's party in council elections . he re-tweeted an image with a caption that said : ` labour 's new floating voters . coming to a country near you soon ' . around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks .
former chancellor ken clarke says party has become ` too right-wing ' . warns against offering ` blank cheques ' to the nhs and foreign aid budgets . mr clarke has served under margaret thatcher , john major and david cameron . but critics warn the move will place intense pressure on other departments .
david cameron embarked on a tour of alnwick to drum up support for his re-election . but he was reprimanded by one local woman for the ` name-calling ' . a busker with a ukulele sang : ` f *** off back to eton with all your eton chums ' .
rachel lynn lehnardt , 35 , had been a life-long follower of the mormon church and had never touched a drop of alcohol before her split from her husband james . but following their divorce last year , she began drinking and ultimately broke away from the church , where she had once been a sunday school teacher . she allegedly allowed her daughter and her friends to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in front of her at their evans , georgia home . lehnard
the coin was released as part of the royal australian mint 's official anzac centenary coin program where a collection of commemorative coins capture the history , service and sacrifice of australians at war . there will be about one and a half million coins released into circulation over the coming weeks .
zakiur rehman lakhvi was allowed to leave adiala prison in rawalpindi late on thursday . his release was slammed with indians calling it an ` insult ' to the victims of the three-day onslaught . comes after nearly four months of wrangling over lakhvi 's detention .
facebook 's sidebar status feature will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network 's mobile app . the sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user 's most messaged friends . facebook has started collecting information about the other websites users visit , the links they click on and their searches .
a complaint about an unsatisfactory milkshake served at a louisiana branch of burger king quickly turned ugly when the employee started cursing before getting physical with the customer . after four separate requests to speak to a manager , the customer finally got the employee 's attention . the customer then asked for a refund , but the exchange quickly descended into a heated argument and the member of staff starts to curse . ` you 're cursing , ' the customer is heard saying .
thousands of holidaymakers face up to three days of chaos and cancelled flights . experts fear up to half of all flights between the uk and france could be axed . easyjet is cancelling 118 flights to and from france , including 10 which either start or finish at british airports .
no warrant had been issued for walter scott 's arrest when he ran from officer michael slager moments before he was shot dead . his family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop . but there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge , despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012 .
the mother , who will be identified once she is formally charged , turned herself in on thursday night after seeing herself on television in pictures released by the police . the 8lb 6oz newborn was taken to hospital where she is listed in stable condition . the woman is currently in hospital and will be charged once she 's released .
survey by lqs and associates looked at the lengths 1,000 american women go to in order to enhance their appearances or copy a celebrity . seven per cent have actually had allergic reactions . a-listers like beyonce , paris hilton and selena gomez all sport weaves and extensions .
drew hollinshead , 21 , stopped in the first space available when he saw the pensioner collapse on the pavement . but as he helped her for less than a minute , a traffic warden put a # 70 ticket on his car -- because he had pulled into a bay for disabled drivers . after discovering she was all right and helping her to her feet , he returned to the car only to find the warden printing the ticket .
eight guards at nauru detention centre have been suspended after they posted anti-islamic messages on social media . the guards were pictured with pauline hanson at the reclaim australia rally in brisbane earlier this month . a former staffer at transfield subcontractor wilson security said the guards ` frequently referred to asylum seekers in their care as `` the enemy ' .
carrie fisher , 58 , and mark hamill , 63 , were arm-in-arm on the stage just before the second trailer for the december film was rolled out . producer kathleen kennedy explained the 72-year-old was ` resting ' after miraculously surviving a march plane crash in los angeles .
maria kukucova , 25 , was arrested in april last year after andy bush was found shot to death in his rented holiday villa on the costa del sol in southern spain . the blonde model had gone on the run but was eventually tracked down to her family 's home 2,000 miles away in the small town of nova basoca . her parents lubomir kukuca , 50 , and danka korotaeva , 51 , said they
prague 's international airport has been forced to hire porters to carry passengers ' luggage up and down the stairs at nadrazi veleslavin station . the construction project did n't budget for an escalator between the metro station and bus terminal . more than three million airport customers use the bus every year .
former california governor arnold schwarzenegger became the latest celebrity to speak out against indiana 's polarizing religious freedom restoration act . he said the new laws are ` distracting and divisive ' for the republican party . many claimed it legalizes discrimination against lesbians and gays and causing boycotts of the state .
a 13-year-old maryland boy called 911 after a fire broke out on the first floor of his home in clinton on sunday morning . marcus told the dispatcher the siblings were trapped in the room because it was too hot to get out through the hallway . he also soothed his sister after she blurted out , ` we 're going to die ' , during the call .
klaus-dieter scheurle , head of the deutsche flugsicherung authority , urged the aviation industry to develop the system . investigators believe co-pilot andreas lubitz locked his captain out of the cockpit and deliberately crashed the plane into a french mountainside on march 24 .
four-year-old cockapoo darcy has travelled 11 countries and 23 destinations . she has covered nearly 25,000 miles since 2011 - making her a real-life phileas dog . the pair have travelled on planes , trains , cars and ferries across the world and sleep in dog-friendly hotels .
linden adkins was caught on camera getting out of his minivan and screaming at a motorist at kent state university in ohio on wednesday . the 56-year-old , who works in the college of applied engineering , can be heard shouting : ` what kind of moron are you ? ' . adkins suffered road rash and was treated at the scene .
ss sergeant oskar groening is set to go on trial charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the nazi extermination camp . groening , known as ` the bookkeeper of auschwitz , was tasked with meeting the trains bringing victims there and robbing those aboard of their possessions . they spoke of their pain , pride and duty in confronting this ` cog ' in the machinery of genocide .
star turned up hours late to his own ` intimate gig ' in canterbury last night . he spent just a few minutes on stage , playing two songs before telling crowd ` see you on tour ' and leaving . club which hosted event has apologised to the audience and accused tinie of breaking his contract with them .
hoda muthana , 20 , spoke out about her decision to ditch her life as a college student in hoover , alabama , after being persuaded by terrorists that it was her duty as a muslim . now the radicalized former student has called for drive-by shootings in america on memorial day and for blood to be spilled . she said she feels all true muslims must join isis .
hit rap trio quavious marshall , 24 , kirschnick ball , 20 , and kiari cephus , 23 , have been arrested on the first leg of their u.s. tour . they were escorted off the georgia southern university campus mid-performance on saturday night and taken into custody . all of the band members have been denied bond - meaning they might not be able to fulfill their upcoming tour dates .
national union of teachers has called for a ` positive portrayal of same sex relationships ' in lessons to be made ` compulsory ' under the next government . it said mps had a duty to tackle ` homophobia , biphobia and transphobia ' in schools . critics accused the nut of ` thought control ' and said the ` intolerant ' proposals risked ` oversexualising ' children at a young age .
michael slager , 33 , can be heard laughing while talking with a senior officer . conversation was picked up by the dashcam in the officer 's patrol car . scott , 50 , was shot five times in the back as he ran away from the traffic stop in south carolina earlier this month .
general secretary of the nasuwt likened the refreshments to ` readily available legal highs ' . some children drink ` excessive ' amounts of red bull , monster and relentless , causing ` hyperactivity ' and an ` inevitable crash ' . of the 3,500 teachers it surveyed , 13 per cent cited ` use of caffeine and energy drinks ... as a driver of poor pupil behaviour ' .
the march 18 video recorded by faysal mohamed lasts for 30 seconds and begins with a police officer giving a violent warning while his gun was trained on the teen and his friends . ` plain and simple , if you f *** with me i 'm going to break your leg before you even get a chance to run . be honest . i do n't screw around , ' says the officer . the officers claimed they were being investigated for grand theft auto .
the 25-ft long wreckage was discovered floating west of ona beach in lincoln county at about 9.30 am on thursday . biologists with the oregon coast aquarium and oregon state university 's hatfield marine science center inspected the boat remains and found ` several live specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish found in the coastal waters of japan ' .
survey of people 's spending habits shows people are buying luxury items . spending in restaurants has increased by 17 per cent in the last 12 months . entertainment is up 12 per cent as people visit the theatre , cinema and amusement parks . spending on women 's clothes grew by 6 per cent over the last year .
in 2013 and 2014 , the state tried to jump-start the process with a new one-drug lethal injection method and the reinstatement of the electric chair as a backup . on friday , the court postponed the last of the scheduled execution dates . it will set new dates after the legal questions are settled .
the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20 am sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building on utica ave. near prospect place in crown heights . one man , who declined to give his name , told the new york daily news that he awoke to find the woman 's body hanging outside his apartment . witnesses say they were traumatized and one passer-by told the post she initially thought the body was fake and believed it was a ` halloween prank
grant shapps accused of changing wikipedia pages to promote himself . tory party chairman accused of deleting embarrassing references . david cameron defended mr shapps , saying that the party chairman is doing ' a great job ' while on the campaign trail . wikipedia has suspended an anonymous user of the site .
jessica silva visits the home of james polkinghorne 's father to explain to him why she had to kill his son . the veteran journalist has revealed her walked away from the experience ` totally drained and realising that there are a lot of broken people ' . he also admitted that despite all the revelations about his son 's abusive ways , jessica could still not understand why his son was dead .
research with twins suggests picking who to vote for in an election might have more to do with your family than who won the leaders debate . the aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences . twins share 100 per cent of their genes , while non-twin siblings share about 50 per cent .
an unusual tomb dating to between the 5th and 6th century seems to hold the remains of two lovers , one of whom may have been killed . archaeologists are almost certain that the tomb was intended for the woman , because her body is carefully positioned to face the sky and she was buried with gold earrings .
north charleston mayor keith summey , police chief eddie driggers , and assistant police chief reggie burgess discussed the scott shooting . rev. sharpton preached at the charity missionary baptist church and addressed the case and the need for reform around national policing legislation during his sermon . elected officials and police were in attendance and south carolina senator marlon kimpson was also there to hear sharpton speak .
a poll of 2,000 britons found that 68 per cent said they or their partner had hurt themselves doing odd jobs or decorating . two in five had cut themselves and one in ten had suffered side effects from inhaling chemical fumes . a careless one in 30 suffered after getting paint or chemicals in their eyes and eight in 100 had fallen off a ladder .
shailene woodley colouring her lips with roasted beetroot to kate moss submerging her face in cucumber water . the 23-year-old star is n't the only celebrity who swears by unusual products when it comes to looking her best . a slave actress lupita nyong ' o combats her dry skin with oily vegetables .
joseph o'riordan , 76 , left his wife mandy , 47 , with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back after flying into a rage over her infidelity . but today it can be revealed that her married postman lover , nick gunn , 41 , had previous affairs with women on his rounds . she also told how when she confronted him about the affair , he confessed that he had cheated on a previous partner with a woman he had been delivering post to .
nafir afzal , former head of the crown prosecution service in the north-west , said children are at risk of ` jihadimania ' . he warned that ` another 7/7 ' could happen unless britain makes sweeping changes to the way it deals with radicalisation . he said the extremists treat them in a similar way to sexual groomers .
london mayor will move centre stage in the conservative election campaign . there have been growing calls from conservative mps for mr johnson to be ` weaponised ' as the party seeks to break away from labour . many polls indicate deadlock , one by survation for the daily mirror lifted tory spirits yesterday by putting their party up four points in a week .
holly barber , 25 , woke up feeling unwell and with chest pains . but when she started coughing up blood she knew it was something serious . she rushed to hospital , where doctors found 13 pulmonary embolisms . she was treated with medication but a year later was dealt another blow . she now takes blood-thinning medication to prevent future clots .
london-based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike . called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage . the bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor . crispin sinclair is seeking # 50,000 of funding on indiegogo .
researchers say climate change impacted human migration . until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain . but then the climate warmed to 13 °c -lrb- 55 °f -rrb- and became more humid . this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions . research was led by dr jordi agusti from the catalan institution for research and advanced studies .
ashley madison , an online dating agency , is betting on europe 's relaxed attitude to extra-marital affairs . it 's founder noel biderman , 43 , who came up with the idea for the site in the 1990s when he worked as a sports attorney . he wants to raise money from investors to fund a launch of its services in russia , ukraine and the baltic states .
president barack obama and cuban president raul castro are attending the summit of the americas in panama . the gesture of friendships is an outward symbol of obama 's project to thaw diplomatic relations with cuba . speculation is high that a result of the exchange could be the official removal of cuba from the state department 's list of state terror sponsors .
sandra mathis , 52 , surrendered to police just after 4.45 pm in the 1800 block of commercial street in san diego . police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso after an argument . he was pronounced dead from his injuries two hours later .
john brynarsky was shot and killed in october 2006 after an argument in his car detail shop in union county , north carolina . when he was shot , he fell over the bumper he had just finished working on and damaged it . his friend mark cosentino repaired the bumper and wrote an inscription on the inside before reattaching it to the car .
police have released cctv images of peter fox leaving liverpool lime street . the body of sarah fox , 27 , was found by police on thursday night . her 57-year-old mother bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation half a mile away in bootle , merseyside . police say they are ` absolutely devastated ' at their loss .
yvonne camargo , 39 , of victorville , california , was arrested on suspicion of willful cruelty to a child on april 3 but it is unknown as to if she was charged . the video was filmed april 1 in a parking lot after a man identifying as edward moneyhanz on youtube saw the woman ` pulling this kid by his hair out of the khols store ' . she then reaches behind him , grabs the tablet and hits him in the face .
jamal kiyemba , 36 , detained in kampala in connection with death of joan kagezi . he was killed in front of her children days before major trial against al-shabaab . he is one of 16 former guantanamo prisoners awarded # 20million payout .
the searing california heat was excuse enough for countless festival revellers to ditch most of their clothes . one woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips , two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug . one festival goer seemed to have taken a leaf from kanye west 's recent catwalk show in which he dressed models in clinging nude bodystockings .
the centre pompidou malaga is the first of several popup versions of the famous parisian gallery planned outside france . it is housed in a low-slung white building topped with a giant glass cube in the trendy harbour area . the first overseas branch of st petersburg state russian museum has just opened in a refurbished tobacco factory .
hayley grimes , 42 , found baby peter 's body in weasenham st peter , norfolk . mother , who has not been named , told officers she had put the body into the lake . but ms grimes told today how she had been left scarred by the discovery .
marla mccants , 43 , was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend on last night 's season finale of my 600lb life . doctors determined that she was only months - maybe even weeks - from dying . after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery , the 43-year-old still refused to let medical professionals help her stand up . if she did n't get up , she would spend the rest of her very short life bedridden .
around 3,200 malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps . their plight emerged as south africa 's zulu king goodwill zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country that has forced thousands from their homes . two zimbabwean nationals sleep inside a tent at the international organisation for migration reception and support centre in beitbridge .
a poll of 15,560 family doctors found that one in six is considering going part-time . 7 % are contemplating quitting altogether , according to a poll . senior gps say they are facing ` incredible ' pressures brought on . their morale is low despite the fact they benefited from a pay deal .
olivia 's olivier rousteing has revealed he chose kim and kanye to star in balmain 's latest campaign because they ` represent a family for the new world ' . the 29-year-old creative director says they are ` among the most talked-about people ' .
the dogs , who had been living in complete darkness , were found last saturday in the barn in manchester , tennessee . many emaciated , ` living in several inches of their own waste ' and close to death . the property owner , caroline irby , was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty on monday and booked into the coffee county jail on $ 10,000 bond .
baroness hale of richmond said she wanted to see the bitterness taken out of most matrimonial disputes so a person does not need to be held at fault in order to obtain a divorce . around 120,000 couples divorce in england and wales each year and those who want to divorce quickly are encouraged to cite unfaithfulness or unreasonable behaviour .
julius caesar famously collapsed at the battle of thapsus in 46bc . historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack . but new research suggests that the roman general may have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state .
luigi arcuri , 73 , nikolic giuliano , 37 and antonino ballistreri , 45 , each sentenced to two years and eight months for conspiracy to defraud and possession of counterfeit currency . the gang then planned to put real money in a briefcase and show it to a jeweller at a pre-arranged meeting , before placing it on the floor . then , while a price was being agreed at a nearby table , the man in the cabinet would switch
jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports . on monday tmz sports added that the athlete was trying to smuggle over three grams of cocaine and over eight grams of mdma by hiding them in his board shorts . stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital
tania rahman , 27 , was asked by salisbury city council if she wanted to run a stand . but when she asked to be counted in she was told her stall would not be allowed because it is not ` english-themed ' . council has since apologised and reversed their decision by inviting her to run the stand on the day .
laura jordan , 24 , was told her now husband , jack , 23 , had just weeks to live . the couple , from brixham , devon , got engaged at jack 's hospital bedside . laura and jack got married in torbay hospital chapel just six days after .
marco rubio spoke to cbs 's face the nation after admitting he would attend the same-sex wedding of a family member or staffer . the florida senator told bob schieffer that he was n't against gay marriage , but believes the ` definition of the institution of marriage should be between one man and one woman ' .
kelly parsons , 35 , from morden , south west london , has enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy . in the space of 11 months , the 35-year-old 's eggs have become twin girls , twin boys and a baby boy . kelly and her train dispatcher husband dean , 41 , had a daughter , charlotte , now 11 , in 2003 .
a french coach was forced to perform a u-turn on a river slipway in dartmouth , devon . eyewitnesses feared one wrong move from the driver and the bus would slid into the estuary . unable to reverse back up the way he had come , the driver had no other option .
a four-year-old child climbed under a temporary bike rack along pennsylvania avenue triggering secret service to put the white house under lockdown . the incident is the second lockdown in washington only a day after a man shot and killed himself on saturday . authorities do not believe there is a terrorism connection .
the tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the river mersey in stockport in the 1930s . but following the outbreak of the second world war , the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter . the shelter has been converted into a museum , replicating the conditions which would have been found 75 years ago .
desheed ahmed , 21 , is the son of rochdale politician shakil ahmed . he was arrested with eight relatives in a remote turkish border town earlier this month . it is understood he is now returning to the uk and will fly from dalaman into manchester airport later this evening .
william ziegler , now 39 , was jailed in 2001 for the killing of russell allen baker . he was found dead next to his house in mobile the previous year . however in 2012 his conviction was overturned by judge sarah stewart . he is a free man again after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder .
candice bergen , now 68 , was the highest paid actor in television for a lot of years after playing the title role in the hit cbs sitcom , murphy brown that ran for ten years starting in 1988 . after the first year of the hit tv show , she won the golden globe and emmy for best actress , her salary headed skyward for over ten years .
marc gasol of the memphis grizzlies was heading back to the locker room after the team beat the new orleans pelicans 110-74 on wednesday night . as gasol walked away the delighted boy clutched his grizzlies jacket to his chest as the biggest smile spread across his face .
niamh geaney , 26 , found her doppleganger , karen branigan , in just two weeks . the aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days . it attracted submissions to their website ` twin-strangers . com from across the world .
terry cooper , 79 , was enjoying the sunshine with his dog sam when the huge animal burst through a hedge with two cubs . mr cooper , from curry rivel , somerset said his dog dragged him back indoors and fears he could have been attacked if his pet had not been there . the national farmers ' union has issued advice for residents on protecting their property from invading badgers .
a restaurant customer in tijuana was left horrified after witnessing staff butchering a dog to be served up as a pork dish on the menu . police raided the lo yen city restaurant in southern tijuana following a tip-off from the disgusted client . the customer called in the cops after witnessing kitchen staff killing the dog , later intended to be masquerading as pork in the next chow mein .
lucy verasamy has held two michelin stars for the best part of the 30 years since it opened . le manoir aux quat ` saisons had been on my wish list for a while - and mum is such a huge fan of raymond blanc she once confessed he could be her mastermind subject .
a group called community technology alliance is giving away free google handsets which come loaded with apps that help the homeless find shelters , soup kitchens , and warn of severe weather . the phones are also designed to help people apply for jobs and find housing , as companies often require people to visit their websites . the bay area have one of the most acute homelessness problems in the u.s. , with approximately 14,000 people living in san francisco and san jose alone .
the six-month-old seal had been nursed back to health in a wildlife sanctury . she suffered horrific injuries to her face and back after the high-speed impact . her body was recovered from a beach at highcliffe , dorset on monday . wildlife campaigners were able to identify sponge bobby from the tag they fitted before her release .
munroe bergdorf , 27 , from east london , has worked with and modelled for a variety of fashion and beauty brands including illamasqua and boy london . she has made a name for herself on london 's party scene and now spins the decks in some of the country 's most high end clubs .
shona banda , 37 , has a custody hearing monday in garden city , kansas . her 11-year-old son was taken by authorities on march 24 after officials at his school reported comments he made about marijuana to child protection services . she did not give authorities consent to search her home , but they returned several hours later with a warrant and discovered marijuana in plant , oil , joint , gel and capsule form . two ounces of cannabis in plant form and one ounce of oil were reportedly seized
marion ` suge ' knight was chained down to a chair and wheeled into a california courtroom on wednesday . the death row records co-founder complained to judge ronald coen and said he could walk . knight , a 49-year-old diabetic with a blood clot , fell and hit his head at a previous bail hearing .
laura everley , 36 , had experienced bloating , lower back pain and constipation over a three-month period . but having previously suffered irritable bowel syndrome and endometriosis , she put the symptoms down to those conditions . tests later revealed she had an aggressive ovarian tumour . she is now undergoing chemotherapy and doctors are confident she can beat the disease .
westerners fighting for isis are taking part in a sickening circle of violent one-upmanship in order to prove themselves to commanders . ranked well below battle-hardened foreign jihadis from warzones such as chechnya and east africa . westerners believe ultra-violence is the only way to make their name in syria and iraq .
french officials said the illicit drugs were worth more than $ 1.3 million -lrb- # 950,000 -rrb- in street value . the country 's directorate-general of customs said 18 packages containing 46lbs of cocaine were stuffed inside a suitcase . officers detained the baffled tourist , who was waiting for his luggage , at the airport and questioned him about the drugs .
two jihadi brides have escaped from islamic state 's female police force . they were smuggled from raqqa to southern turkey after leaving al-khansa brigade earlier this year . pair said they used to be heavily involved in punishing others who did not obey group 's rules - including giving 60 lashes to those who tried to flee .
guernsey police sent ten officers to the island last thursday to raid dr rory lyon 's surgery and a private address . yvonne deegan , 77 , described the investigation as ` absolutely diabolical ' . her husband bernie , 70 , died suddenly earlier this year following a 12-year cancer battle .
ed miliband will hand scottish mps the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments . the move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the union at risk by setting scotland apart from the rest of the uk .
robert harris , 72 , was found dead from a shotgun blast at the couple 's home in 2013 . colleen harris testified that she could n't recall the events leading up to his death because of traumatic memory loss . she could get 50 years to life when she is sentenced on june 5 .
the centers for disease control and prevention -lrb- cdc -rrb- said in a monday news release there were 2117 total passengers on the ship and 964 total crew members . the agency said the main symptoms for those affected were diarrhea and throwing up . symptoms of norovirus include vomiting , diarrhea , fever and body aches .
gavin thorman , 36 , of caernarfon , gwynedd , operated his empire from hmp altcourse in liverpool . he boasted in welsh that he would make ` millions ' when he got out of jail . thorman organised the supply of cocaine and cannabis from liverpool and manchester in one of the largest conspiracies of its kind in north wales .
libertarian icon rand paul has expanded his campaign store to include an array of unconventional swag , including the ` rand on a stick ' item . the store contains eye charts bearing paul 's name and his campaign slogan because ` we need a president who can see clearly ' . it also comes in a constitution theme for the same price .
officer ryan willmer posted a picture of his fellow police officer luke watson on twitter , promising that a series of images of luke with pink hair would follow . 560 retweets later and luke arrived at the station to the news that he would have to dye his blonde locks a bright and bold shade of pink . luke was more than pleased to undergo the transformation for the cause .
the mother-of-one , who shared her beauty essentials on instagram , protects her skin with a # 65 -lrb- $ 96 -rrb- creme de la mer spf 30 uv protecting fluid , which claims to prevent the appearance of discolorations while providing protection from the sun .
blake cronkhite , 5 , and jayden secrest , 3 , drowned when their kid-size atv plunged into large pond in northern california . investigators say the 5-year-old was driving the 50cc atv , and his younger friend , was on the back . chp officer david martinez said monday that the agency 's investigation has focused on how the boys ended up in the pond .
julia louis-dreyfus has revealed that the ultra-short hairstyle she models in the newest season of hbo 's political comedy veep . the 54-year-old , who stars as fictional us president selina meyer in the hit comedy show , was quick to note the scrutiny the former senator and secretary of state has faced as a result of her varying hairstyles over the years .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have moved back to kensington palace to prepare for the imminent birth of their new baby . the couple returned to their london base just a few minutes ' drive from the private lindo wing at st mary 's , paddington . william will enjoy what amounts to six weeks ' paternity leave around the arrival of the new little prince or princess .
south africa 's oldest university voted to ditch the statue following a month of protests against the statue . members of the university council ordered that the bronze sculpture was removed , after hearing its presence made black students feel uncomfortable . the government has backed the move , and sandile memela , said they are working to see if the country can take an ` official position ' on statues and other colonial symbols .
the ulusaba game reserve is in south africa 's sabi sands . sir richard branson 's private game reserve was my reward for graduating . kutner came face to face with three rhinos , along with documenting the roar of a bush lion , the yawn of a hippo .
alan rogers , 73 , smashed the skull of 76-year-old grandfather fred hatch . mr hatch 's worried wife enid went looking for her husband after he failed to return into the house from the garden . rogers pleaded guilty to manslaughter and is due to be sentenced later today .
the optimal case was designed by israel-based amited . sensors in the case monitor the phone 's temperature and if it gets too hot , optimal will cool the device using two built-in micro-fans . if it 's too hot it engages its anti-freeze protection mode to gently heat the phone using resistance coils . the recommended storage temperature for most batteries is 15 °c -lrb- 59 °f -rrb- . at an average temperature of 0 °c
police in hagerstown , maryland , are promising a thorough investigation into the death of a man in custody . chief mark holtzman says the man died either inside an ambulance , accompanied by two officers , or at the hospital where he was pronounced dead shortly early friday morning . brown was black and all five officers involved are white . race has n't been raised as a factor , but it comes amid a national debate about the deaths of black men at the hands of police .
charlene mess , 48 , was arrested on monday after her husband of 30 years , douglas mess , was found killed at their farm in attica , new york . state police troopers went to the home at 1229 exchange street road after the couple 's son reported that his father was missing . an air and ground search was carried out by the wyoming county sheriff 's office , local volunteer fire companies , friends and family members , and more than 25 members of the new
bridget klecker , 42 , died on friday after being struck by a car fleeing the police in san francisco . officers tried to stop the suspects ' stolen car just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns . but the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk , killing her .
officers in ragusa , a sicilian port town , arrested three men who were at the helm of the turkish-flagged yacht . it is thought the smugglers had charged each person $ 8,500 -lrb- # 5,700 -rrb- to make the crossing , with police saying the total earned by the organisers was somewhere in the region of # 536,000 . this is far more than the usual cost of between 1,000 and 1,500 euros -
victoria wasteney , 38 , says she was branded a ` religious nutcase ' when she was suspended from her job as a senior occupational therapist . her colleague enya nawaz , then 25 , accused her of trying to convert her to christianity . her lawyers have now submitted a challenge to an employment tribunal .
richard lapointe , 69 , confessed to raping , strangling and stabbing 88-year-old bernice martin at her manchester apartment in 1989 . last month a court ruled he was deprived of a fair trial for the 1987 killing and on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail . his attorney said he will stay under a 7pm to 7am curfew with a couple in east hartford .
the gold and silver bars had been loaded in murmansk onto a former irish sea ferry . the bullion was to pay the americans for arms shipped to russia during one of the most crucial stages of the second world war . but as a delicate operation began to transfer the cases of treasure onto a waiting boat , one slipped and fell into the muddy waters .
the channel 4 programme , hosted by actor philip glenister and car designer ant anstead , celebrates the duo ' love affair with classic cars . each episode looks at the history of various types of vehicles , as the pair give old-bangers a new lease of life by restoring them to their former glory .
tim tebow will sign as a quarterback with the philadelphia eagles on monday , espn 's adam schefter reports . tebow 's last regular-season appearance was in december 2012 with the new york jets , from which he was released in 2013 having thrown only eight passes and run just 32 times in his lone season on the team .
nicky morgan signalled she would quit the cabinet if the tories entered a power-sharing deal with ukip . the senior tory said nigel farage is ` not my cup of tea ' . mr farage sparked controversy when he used a televised leaders ' debate to target people with hiv coming to britain .
matthew halliday , the owner of the bradford brewing company , said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery 's brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row . mr galloway , who does n't drink , responded to the beer makers , saying : ` what does that mean ? and as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that ? ' .
dr teresa belton believes people living modestly tend to find more satisfaction in their lives . the university of east anglia researcher believes that practices as small as going on walks can be calming and restorative . her book , happier people healthier planet , supports the belief that many strive for material things that may generate temporary happiness .
the nefertiti lift , aptly named after the egyptian queen famous for its love of botox , is having a tight jawline like emma stone . as a 40-something woman who is sadly observing a jaw line that appears to be more and more desperate to rendez-vous with my neck each and every day .
the ultimate toy cupboard will house up to 114 cars and have five-star accommodation for chauffeurs and staff . it is being built by the billionaire emir of dubai , sheikh mohammed bin rashid al maktoum , one of the world 's richest men .
ben powers played the character of thelma 's husband keith in the show 's sixth and final season between 1978-1979 . he passed away at his new bedford , massachusetts home on april 6 at the age of 64 . his family has not revealed the cause of his death .
ed miliband is paying an argentinian company which has attacked ` vulture ' american bankers to help him become prime minister . left-wing , buenos aires-based tectonica is responsible for the websites of more than 200 labour parliamentary candidates . it also designed websites of harriet harman , andy burnham and tristram hunt .
the abc have reported that for a few hundred dollars , you can purchase your own kit on the web , and nothing is stopping buyers from using it on their children . online advertisements have promised immediate results , but have not made the potential dangerous side effects clear . experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children that are being sold online .
hernas lubitz , 28 , locked himself in the cockpit while captain patrick sondenheimer desperately tried to break in . but he writes : ` that may be , but it could be from any number of causes , including external electronic hacking into the aircraft 's control and navigation systems ' .
the stunt saw tourists enjoy white water rafting , swimming near waterfalls and hiking , but it seems that costa rica was not amused by the ruse . the creative project was executed by the ecuadorean airline tame , ecuador 's tourism ministry and ministry of transport and public works .
samantha fleming , 23 , went missing from her home in anderson , indiana , on april 5 . her body was found friday wrapped up in plastic and doused with bleach . police believe she went to the home of 23-year-old fleming posing as a child protective services employee and convinced fleming to come with her to gary . fleming recently gave birth to a daughter , serenity , and lives with her boyfriend , but disappeared with her baby .
google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive , as well as deleting part , or all , of the record . to delete your entire search history , click settings , remove items and pick a time frame , such ` from the beginning of time ' . the feature exports your searches to google drive in a zip archive , with files divided by year and quarter .
amanda casey , also of north carolina , was married to michael wilkie for four years and had a daughter with him before the couple divorced . casey said they dated for a year-and-a-half before getting married . he began controlling aspects of casey 's life and alienating himself from a previous marriage .
autaro cantu , 38 , was found hanging inside crooked fork brewery , the new restaurant he was opening up with his business partner on the north side of chicago . an autopsy has been scheduled for wednesday , but authorities have already said they are investigating the married father-of-two 's death as a suicide .
abdul hadi arwani was found slumped in the back seat of his volkswagen passat . the 48-year-old syrian national was an outspoken critic of the assad regime . he was arrested in brent , north west london , on suspicion of conspiracy to murder .
australian beautician chernae noonan has blocked the cosmetic giant 's application to trademark the phrase . benefit is owned by louis vuitton moet hennessy -lrb- lvmh -rrb- , which is run by luxury goods tycoon bernard arnault . ms noonan started her business in 2003 in her springwood home and since then it has seen ` significant growth ' .
army psychiatrist major nidal hasan opened fire on november 5 , 2009 , killing 13 men and women at the military post in killeen , texas . authorities initially classed the mass murder as ` workplace violence ' but it has since been acknowledged that the attack was an act of terrorism . earlier this year , it was ruled that victims will be honored with purple hearts - awarded in the name of the president to those wounded or killed . but one victim claims he is still going without
ivan was born with ohtahara syndrome , a rare brain disorder . it left him in a wheelchair , needing to be fed through a tube and suffering from cerebral palsy and severe epileptic fits . he died aged six in 2009 , needing round-the-clock care . his wife samantha said : ` we were n't falling out with each other , but we were falling apart just coping with the nights and everything ' .
michael kimmel , 40 , was taken into custody by kentucky state police on monday evening after they received a 911 call about an intoxicated horse rider . trooper j. gabbard 's report says that kimmard was ordered to stop , but instead dismounted and ran away wearing only a brown hat , jeans and boots . however , officers said he had slurred speech , smelt of alcohol and was unsteady on his feet .
president barack obama is calling for an end to psychiatric therapy treatments aimed at changing the sexual orientation or gender identity of gay , lesbian and transgender youth . the move comes in response to an online petition posted on the white house website following the death of 17-year-old leelah alcorn .
` battle for sevastopol ' in russia , the movie , is a co-production between the two countries made just before relations nosedived . despite the freeze in ties between the former soviet nations that has seen ukraine ban a slew of modern russian films . the movie is about the female sharpshooter who reportedly killed more than 300 nazi troops .
jahnae jackson has put her psychology studies on hold in order to care for her long-term boyfriend , jackson byrnes . the 18-year-olds from northern nsw have raised over $ 80,000 from community generosity for his life-saving surgery to be performed on wednesday . jackson was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour four weeks ago .
russia 's culture ministry said the film distorted history as it celebrated its victory over nazi germany . it is based on a novel by british writer tom rob smith and was due to premiere in russia today . the film is set in 1952 , a year before stalin 's death , and features a maverick investigator seeking a serial killer .
dr adam cobb was taken into custody on friday in portsmouth , new hampshire , for receipt and distribution of child pornography . the 45-year-old was in the us working as a research professor and director at the prestigious us naval war college in rhode island . cobb took up the position after holding senior military and government roles in australia and the us .
harley renshaw was diagnosed with neuroblastoma - a rare and aggressive childhood cancer which affects fewer than 100 children in the uk . but his ninja turtle mask helped him feel stronger while he was having radiotherapy . hospital staff were amazed when the youngster asked if he could decorate the protective mask that holds him still while having his treatment .
the paper 's powerful photo series entitled 'till death do us part , ' on domestic violence scooped the top award for its exploration into why south carolina is among the deadliest states for women . last year , the award went to the washington post and the guardian for their coverage of national security agency documents leaked by the former government contractor edward j. snowden .
us genealogy expert megan smolenyak has traced hillary clinton 's roots to a mining family from ystradyfodwg , a small community in south wales . the district , known for its reliance on coal mining and poverty , has since been abolished and is now part of rhondda .
gerald whalen has visited the fast food outlet with his wife april and their two young children at around 9.30 pm last thursday . but the family meal was interrupted by sounds of what appeared to be a pornographic film , being broadcast on the restaurant 's television . kfc has pledged to ensure certain channels will no longer be able to be accessed .
the bodies of two people have been found amid wreckage of a light aircraft . the plane was travelling from central scotland to tiree , the most westerly island of the inner hebrides , when it was reported to have dived . lifeboats , helicopters and the police were scrambled near loch etive , about 30 miles from oban .
evansville in comanche county , kansas , is home to two final residents , who tend to the site 's numerous cattle . rancher larry ` dee ' scherich and his wife , phyllis , do not have to worry about unexpected visitors . they encounter only hired workers in the town , which previously housed the headquarters of the largest cattle ranch in kansas 's history .
residents of the charleston , south carolina , have said the shooting of unarmed black driver walter scott was preceded by previous unheeded complaints about the police . the officer who shot scott , michael slager , had little in his file to suggest excessive force . ` we 've had through the years numerous similar complaints , and they all seem to be taken lightly and dismissed without any obvious investigation , ' the rev. joseph darby , vice president of the
dr george hamilton , the chief apostle of the w.o.r.d. ministries in summerville , south carolina , launched an attack on officer michael slager , who killed scott last week . hundreds of mourners were crammed inside the small church today , where scott 's casket was draped in an american flag . hamilton continued to rail against scott , who has been jailed and charged with murder , during the service .
david and victoria beckham have won planning permission to install air-conditioning at their new mansion in west london . but one neighbour said it ` will affect the historic character of the victorian house of the streets , my house included ' . the couple already have homes in california , france and dubai .
alison saunders was forced into a humiliating climbdown after a jury threw out yet another old bailey case . she abandoned the trials of nine reporters accused of illegally paying public officials for information . finally admitting there was little appetite among the public for journalists who expose matters of public interest to be jailed .
mackenzi sue-rose miller , 21 , was charged with dui manslaughter and dui while causing injuries after allegedly hitting and killing 13-year-old trinity bachmann . miller 's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110 , while florida 's legal driving limit is 0.08 . trinity and her mother , janice pedroza , 36 , were heading home from dropping one of the girl 's friends off after they
martin and jessica castillo , from nuevo laredo , mexico , lost the ring . they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in playa del carmen in february 2013 . they had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told it had been found by daniel roark , who picked it up from the ocean floor over a year after it was first lost . now , mr and mrs castillo have renewed their vows
bobby brown admitted ' i du n no what the hell i am going through right now , but i am giving it to god and letting him deal with it ' . the one-time boy band star shied away from talking in detail about his daughter but instead admitted these were ` rough times ' . bobby performed a set of his old hits for 4,000 fans at the soul food festival in downtown los angeles on saturday .
julio ` wemo ' acevedo , 46 , was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed nachman and raizel glauber . the driver , who was convicted in february , is thought to have been traveling in his bmw at 70mph , twice the speed limit . the incident occurred just after midnight on march 3 , 2013 .
ukip leader was booed by voters at westminster 's methodist central hall . he faced claims he blamed all of britain 's problems on migrants . pollster icm was hired by the bbc to select the audience members . mr farage said something had gone ` wrong ' with the process .
ronald anderson , 48 , was previously convicted of manslaughter and recently was arrested in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend . anderson was arrested february 17 on a charge of assaulting his girlfriend in the washington , d.c. , suburb of prince george 's county . it all took place on his birthday .
new instagram account hot dudes with dogs features men looking hot while posing with dogs . highlights include a tiny puppy looking into the camera while wearing its handsome owner 's sunglasses . other cute dogs from boxers to boston terriers are pictured chilling with their owners , sometimes in bed , on the sofa or even in the car .
amira abase , 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , crossed over turkish border last february . they are believed to be living in syrian city of raqqa , syria , in raqqa . begum forged social media links with three british leaders of al-khansa brigade . it is understood the trio are now training with one of the notorious females arms of isis .
holly willoughby and davina mccall have joined forces in their first campaign together for garnier nutrisse . the presenters star , 34 , has added another string to her bow by designing a range of vintage-inspired clothes for babies . holly said : ` it 's the perfect multi - tonal blonde that is just me ' .
a union plumber , a school teacher and a survivor of the 1999 columbine high school massacre were among the 19 women and five men chosen to serve as jurors in the death penalty trial of james holmes . the 12 jurors and 12 alternates were chosen on tuesday in arapahoe county district court after a selection process that began on january 20 . holmes is charged with shooting dead 12 people and wounding 70 others in the july 2012 attack at a century movie theater in
rosannah gundry was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in december last year . a specialist at sydney 's westmead children 's hospital discovered the football-sized tumour , which weighs more than half her body weight , growing around her vital organs and pressing against her spine . her aunt jessica searle said that rosannah 's mother knew something more was wrong when the toddler 's stomach began to swell . she kept looking for a second opinion
alex salmond has stepped up pressure on ed miliband saying he wo n't be able to avoid a deal with the snp and was ` foolish ' to rule out a coalition . former snp leader said all parties would have to face up to the ` electorate 's judgment ' after polling day on may 7 .
mohammed ali malek , 27 , was arrested when he stepped onto sicilian soil last night . he was forced to watch the bodies of 24 victims of the tragedy being carried off the ship for burial on the island of malta . prosecutors claim he contributed to the disaster by mistakenly ramming the overcrowded fishing boat into a merchant ship that had come to its rescue .
sienna miller s a yoga fan - her mother started one of the first london yoga schools in the seventies . yet despite being ` very sporty at school ' , the actress says she 's ` not a gym person ' . sienna also works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging around her local park .
danny alexander said osborne 's spending plans are ` becoming less and less credible ' but if mr cameron goes further by also raising the minimum wage . labour 's ed miliband yesterday pledged that he would help low earners by raising the level above # 8 an hour by october 2019 .
comres survey shows lib dems are up three points to 12 per cent , equal with ukip . latest bad news for mr farage , and undermines his claim yesterday . poll will ease tory jitters , showing that with less than a month to go to election day , the tories are on 34 per cent and labour on 33 per cent .
the photo was taken by brad allan in cape york , far north queensland , as he was heading out fishing at the break of dawn when something caught his eye . mr allan , from the archer river roadhouse , says the image is quite fitting considering the upcoming centenary of anzac day .
the northern territory 's chief minister and minister for children and families john elferink made the threat after a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs . the government stated ` the current situation would not be tolerated ' . parents will also be fined $ 298 if their child is found on the streets during school hours .
frankie ruttledge , from strensall , yorkshire , weighed 18 stone 7lbs . the 24-year-old ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast , pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years . the slimming world consultant is just one year away from walking down the aisle .
david axelrod masterminded two presidential election victories for barack obama . he has helped refine miliband 's message about tackling the cost of living . he will have been aware of labour 's eye-catching crackdown on non-doms . but speaking in the us where he is promoting his autobiography .
dana marie mckinnon , 24 , of oviedo , was taken into custody tuesday on charges of dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide . she is being held at the orange county jail on $ 10,150 bail . the victim was pronounced dead at the scene , despite good samaritans ' desperate efforts to save him .
twins yogita rameshbhai nandwana , five , and anisha , three , weigh 5st 5lbs -lrb- 34kg -rrb- . they eat 18 chapatis , 3lbs of rice , two bowls of broth , six packets of crisps . their mother pragna ben , 30 , spends most of her day making their meals . she said : ` their hunger never stops . they demand food all the time and cry and scream if they 're not
professor vicky jolliffe , a consultant dermatologist at the royal london hospital and a specialist in hair loss , recommends florisene pills -lrb- # 15.95 , lambertshealthcare.co.uk -rrb- contain iron , because these do n't seem to cause the digestive irritation linked to standard pills .
rob macfarlane shared his first picture of ` little mac ' on social media on thursday morning . the raccoon climbed almost 700 feet up a metal ladder before taking a high-altitude poop . in the shot , mac can been see holding on to the ladder for dear life with its eyes staring wide .
rebecca exton-russell , 37 , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including marks & spencer , qvc and dove . the derby-based model was secretly ` repulsed ' by her body , so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months .
sally white , 28 , rescued the terrified animal from a bleak hillside . his ribs were poking through and vets feared he would not survive . but sally 's love and care for the skinny and mistreated horse has turned it into a magnificent steed - and the pair have become inseparable .
karen and colin cosheril were patients of the alderney family doctor . islanders claim the death from pneumonia of karen , 52 , in january prompted the investigation . the mother-of-two said she complained to guernsey 's health service after his sudden death .
abdulkadir zeyat , 45 , his wife antika , and their six children were all discovered at their house in the village of alintepe in the country 's eastern agri province . turkish authorities believe the family , which included siblings as young as three-years-old , died of food poisoning . other theories suggested the tragic deaths may have been down to a possible poisonous gas leak from a cylinder they kept for lighting .
leanna norris , 25 , plied two-year-old loh grenada with benedryl to make her sleep . body was found in the front seat of her car in stetson , maine , on june 24 , 2013 . norrishad committed the murder to stop her ex-boyfriend , father of her child , dating other women .
dino maglio was sentenced to six and a half years in prison on tuesday . prosecutors said maglio spiked a glass of baileys liqueur the girl was drinking with a tranquilliser pill . maglio claimed sex with the girl , who was under-age at the time , was consensual but admitted he was ` stupid ' to spike her drink .
lee county sheriff 's deputies said that 54-year-old larry mcelroy fired his 9mm pistol at the animal on sunday night when he saw the vermin in his backyard . while one bullet killed the armadillo , deputies say another bounced off the armored animal , hit a fence , traveled through the back door of the mother-in-law 's mobile home and the recliner she was sitting in . carol johnson suffered non-life-threatening injuries and
asda was alerted to a possible fault in the packs of little angels 2 newborns 0 + months after a customer complaint on facebook . the supermarket said that no other asda little angels dummies had been affected and that the recall was a ` precaution ' . comes after parents were also asked to return packs of the little angels cherry soother in january 2013 when a fault was identified .
the first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that eldest daughter malia is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own . ` i 've got a driver -- a 16-year-old driving around , ' she joked .
new campaign from rape crisis london has captured hundreds of women across london in various outfits to point out that no matter what they choose to wear they are not asking to be raped . the campaign has also produced over 2,000 photographs of 200 women in london accompanied by the logo #thisdoesn ` tmeanyes .
the new collagen-laced brew boasts a five per cent alcohol content level and claims to have two grams of collagen per can . collagen is a type of protein found in skin that provides structure , firmness and texture . collagen supplements have become popular in recent years claiming to offer the ultimate anti-aging cure .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone have known for a total of seven days . the 30-year-old is all smiles as she admits that she is developing a crush on her new wife , whom he has been attracted to from day one . jaclyn started their union by keeping ryan at arm 's length and subconsciously putting him in the ` friend zone ' throughout their honeymoon .
pm will vow to encourage more job creation by extending national insurance breaks , worth at least # 2,000 a year to smaller firms taking on new staff . mr cameron will hail the ` jobs miracle ' that has seen 1,000 new jobs created every day . last night , in a boost for george osborne , the head of the international monetary fund picked out the uk recovery as exemplary .
natalie bennett said the so-called ` citizens income ' would take longer . she said another green pledge to dismantle the armed forces and use weapons factories was also a ` long-term aspiration ' . the party 's policy of leaving nato and abandoning nuclear weapons was ` many decades into the future ' .
matthew gardiner has returned to australia after he was understood to have been fighting isis in the middle east . the 43-year-old was allowed to leave the country because he was not on any watch list . he left behind his wife and three young sons , aged between three and 11 .
lizzy hawker , 29 , entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc on a whim . her slight , 5 ft 4 in body would have to keep lifting shoes through 8,500 m of ascent and descent -- equivalent to climbing from sea level to the summit of everest and back . some 26 hours later , hawker surprised herself , by becoming the first woman to cross the dark , wet , alpine finish line that year .
the ethical maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott ` high risk ' resorts linked to human rights abuses . it has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels and is urging visitors to consult the guide before travelling . those to be avoided are labelled red , those coded as green are considered to be ` low risk ' .
tough new regulations will allow for a crackdown on notorious party houses on the gold coast after years of complaints about boozing and scantily-clad women . there are more than 700 party houses across the city , which are often used for unruly weekend-long parties that distress and terrify neighbours due to noise , lewd behaviour and violence .
the trophy room at sandringham was a relic of a bygone era . but now the age of political correctness appears to have caught up with the queen 's norfolk estate . all 62 items -- including an indian tiger , a leopard , skins and tusks -- have been placed in storage .
mohamed soltan , 27 , and 36 others were given life sentences as mohamed badie , the spiritual leader of the muslim brotherhood . the defendants were found guilty of plotting unrest from their headquarters in a sprawling cairo protest camp in the months after a military coup overthrew morsi .
police sniffer dogs were used to find the men after officers opened the truck 's back doors on the a40 near churcham , gloucestershire . the men were found a week after an illegal camp of migrants was cleared in calais , the french port closest to britain .
three-year-old william tyrell was abducted by a paedophile ring . police have described the ` fast-paced ' investigation into the new line of inquiry . the focus of the investigation has shifted dramatically , and is now ` progressing rapidly ' , according to homicide squad commander mick willing .
the 43-year-old entrepreneur bought the three-bedroom property in the park circus area of glasgow for # 780,700 . she spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse , described by estate agents as an ` outstanding interior designed luxury home ' . each of the three high-ceilings bedrooms have been kitted out with lavish headboards , sparkling chandeliers and luxurious curtains .
the men , pictured in southern china , release a cormorant bird , which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp . with just a bird , a gas lamp and a net , each morning , fishermen in china keep a special , thousand year old tradition alive . the men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method , first practiced in 960 ad .
mailonline travel has compiled the most beautiful spring destinations for those looking to get in a unique getaway before the summer travel rush begins . the keukenhof gardens are home to seven million flowers , all of which are hand-planted . visitors should note that their window of opportunity to visit the park is limited .
around 650 foreign entrants , three times more than last year , joined in today 's event under the constant watch of soldiers . one of this year 's entrants duncan erasmus , a 23 year-old software firm owner from auckland ran in the full amateur marathon . there were also categories for amateur full and half marathon runners plus north korean entrants .
mysterious event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the milky way galaxy . when a star reaches its white dwarf stage , nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star . this means that , for close encounters , the gravitational pull of the star and the associated tides are greatly enhanced .
sue sharp was shocked to find a stamp on the # 11 joint saying it had come from new zealand despite asda 's packaging claiming it was born , reared and slaughtered in the uk . mrs sharp has questioned the claim and is now warning other shoppers to be extra vigilant when choosing their joints of meat .
more than 250 fascinating and eclectic objects will go under the hammer in the one-off , travel-themed auction at christie 's south kensington . filled with historic artefacts , pricey art and souvenirs acquired during the original owners ' travels , the around the world auction is drawing interest from collectors and those with wanderlust . one of the highlights of the collection is 11 professionally restored photos of captain scott 's fateful british antarctic expedition .
the company said the total number of containers in the recall comes to ` approximately 30,000 ' . only five batches of hummus are being recalled - and only the company 's classic hummus . the positive test happened at a kroger in port huron , michigan , on march 30th , 2015 .
heather mack ,19 , is accused of the murder of her mother , sheila von wiese-mack , in a holding cell at the denpasar district court . she was also filmed singing the rihanna hit umbrella as she nursed the infant outside of the courtroom . mack has said that she intends to keep stella with her until the child is two years old .
some nhs trusts have imposed arbitrary rules to determine who is eligible for cataract treatment , and patients who can not read , sew or watch television are routinely turned away . those who do meet the strict criteria often have to wait eight months for treatment , over which time their eyesight deteriorates further .
steve and sarah nick built up the huge arsenal , including a 50-caliber machine gun , a sniper rifle , and 17,000 rounds of ammunition . many of the 30 weapons were legally owned , but the couple , who are said to have links to the michigan militia , are accused of plundering mrs nick 's mother 's savings .
miss sturgeon said independence vote : ` we have always said it 's a once in a generation ' . but last night , she said she respected last year 's result , and said she would not call for another plebiscite in snp manifesto for westminster election in may .
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction 's niall horan 's clothes . the 20-year-old took a photograph of herself in the star 's polo shirt . she also claimed to have taken his underwear as a trophy . niall has been in georgia this week for the us masters .
only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne compared with an identical number saying he should stand aside in favour of his elder son prince william . william and prince harry are the most popular members of the royal family , closely followed by the queen and the duchess of cambridge .
mercedes-benz fashion week australia came to a close on thursday night in sydney , with the johanna johnson show bringing the event to a spectacular close with her hollywood-inspired sirens ' call presentation . now that the heels have been kicked off , the cameras put down , and the last bottle of champagne drunk , femail take a look back at the week . some dazzling creations had fashion spectators dreaming of an occasion special enough to warrant a couture price
up to 21 million acres of jungle will be torn down to make way for rubber plantations in the next decade alone . demand is putting endangered gibbons , leopards and elephants in south east asia at risk , a study published in the journal conservation letters says . tyre industry consumes 70 per cent of all natural rubber grown , and rising demand for vehicle and aeroplane tyres is behind the recent expansion of plantations .
william kerr , 53 , is believed to have travelled to london after disappearing . he was released on licence in january after spending 17 years in jail . crimestoppers is now offering a # 5,000 reward for information . police believe he may attempt to book in to a hostel in london under false name .
britain last year produced more than 1.5 million cars -- the most since 2007 . we are poised to overtake france and become the second biggest car manufacturing power in europe . across the west midlands , there are now thousands of businesses , large and small , that are engaged in automotive innovation .
a third of australian women are not finding time for their hobbies and passions . clinical psychologist and happiness institute wellness expert dr paula watkins says changing work spaces and technology do contribute to stress and brain overload . the survey of 1,025 parents found that more women had foregone personal interests for work commitments or to finance ` more important ' things in the last week .
since it was revealed that andreas lubitz had been treated for psychiatric illness , a debate has ensued over whether privacy laws should be less strict . it has been widely argued that germany 's privacy laws were to blame for the tragedy . another article said : ` german obsession with privacy let killer pilot fly ' .
researchers at purdue university in indiana and the national wildlife research centre in ohio , was published in the condor : ornithological applications . they were seeking to find a solution to the problem of birds colliding with aircraft , which causes # 480 million -lrb- $ 700 million -rrb- worth of damage in the us alone . the faa estimates that bird strikes have resulted in 200 worldwide deaths since 1988 . they are dangerous to aircraft because birds can be sucked
ronnie carroll died just days after successfully getting on the general election ballot paper for hampstead and kilburn . due to stand as an independent , mr carroll was 80 and had contested elections before , winning 29 votes in the haltemprice and howden by-election . he was on the statement of nominations as ` the eurovisionary carroll ' .
joe anderson , 56 , claimed # 4,500 per year from chesterfield high school . he attempted to sue them , claiming discrimination because of his ` philosophical belief ' . when school became an academy in 2011 , it ceased paying him . mr anderson rejected employment tribunal ruling and took case to appeal .
moheed ahmed , 21 , was held at birmingham airport in early hours of this morning by anti-terrorism police . he was deported by the turkish authorities and flown back to britain on a plane packed with holidaymakers . ahmed and eight of his relatives - including four children ranging from a one-year-old baby to an 11-old .
fireman stephen hunt , 38 , lost his life tackling the inferno in manchester . the girl is said to have dropped a cigarette to the floor while standing near the shop 's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight . more than 60 firefighters battled the blaze , which erupted on july 13 , 2013 .
kevin russ hopped trains , dumpster dived for leftovers and slept in ditches as he photographed the lifestyle of a nomad down south . russ traveled from california to colorado , making his way through arizona , texas and new mexico . the photographer said he was initially ` fearful and unsure ' when his friend levi approached him with the idea , but did n't let that stop him from the new adventure .
lee allan bonneau , 6 , died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in saskatchewan . a 10-year-old boy , identified in court documents as l.t. , reportedly admitted to killing lee bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying . on thursday , a coroner 's jury in regina heard how the underage suspect ran to his friends after the attack on bonneau telling them
kay hafford , 28 , was shot in the back of the head in texas road-rage accident . dietrich evans , 22 , has been arrested on suspicion of the shooting . the brave church singer agreed to face her alleged shooter in a police line-up and evans has now been charged with aggravated assault .
farmers and shearers across australia are ` prepared to fight tooth and nail for our farming industry ' after peta released a confronting campaign . the gruesome campaign shows vegan guitarist jona weinhofen holding a severed lamb alongside the words , ` here 's the rest of your wool coat ' . the victorian farming federation launched an official complaint to the advertising standards bureau on monday .
richard engel was taken captive with turkey reporter aziz akyavas . they were convinced they were shi-ite rebels affiliated to the government . but they may have been sunni rebels instead of being handed over . statement posted on nbc news site said : ` does not make our kidnappers or the five days they held us at gunpoint any less dangerous ' .
kai windsor , 10 , would shun traditional girls ' toys in favour of kicking a ball around . by four , he refused to wear dresses and developed a boyish awkwardness . by nine , he had finally broken the truth to his mother rachel , 37 , telling her : ` i 'm really a boy ' .
hayley sandiford has been told she must get rid of her american bulldog winston by the end of april or she will also have to leave her house in blackburn , lancashire . angry neighbours have even left notes on her front door saying ` keep your devil dog away ' .
our quest for the perfect garden could be ruining our chances of making contact with et . this is according to the national radio astronomy observatory who is objecting to proposals by irobot to release a radio wave-guided lawnmower . the problem is the frequency band proposed for the lawnbot is 6240-6740 mhz - the same one several large radio telescopes operate on .
lisa skinner , 52 , shot the male home invader after he broke into the house she shared with her mother around 6 p.m. police said mr skinner was armed with both a pistol and a large knife . according to al.com , his injuries are life threatening but she is expected to survive .
a video of a menacing crocodile swimming through the marina has been viewed more than half a million times online . new zealander tim weston was on holiday in puerto vallarta with his wife when the attack happened . he described how ` the crocodile kept the dog in its mouth for ages , not moving at all ' .
jemmi nuzzles budi was introduced to jemmi less than a month ago . now the two apes appear to be inseparable . video footage captured at the international animal rescue 's orangutan center in indonesia shows the duo throwing adoring glances at each other as they share a dinner of fruit .
kim kardashian and kanye west arrived in jerusalem 's old city to visit armenian church st james cathedral in order to baptise the nearly-two-year-old girl . the mother , father and daughter have been enjoying an easter break together . paris is a favourite city of kanye and kim 's where they enjoyed the first half of their wedding celebrations .
a new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper . directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable . men and women are also told not to stand while relieving themselves but to squat or sit .
sue southern , head of west midlands counter terrorism police unit , has detained three people on suspicion of preparing to travel to syria to join terrorists . the teenagers were detained at their homes in coventry during a 6am raid by the region 's counter terrorism unit today . the legislation gives officers a maximum of 36 hours before they can charge , release , bail or apply for further detention .
the curtain fell on mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 on thursday night in a spectacular finale show by johanna johnson . johnson 's trademark gowns featured heavily in the collection , which was created in under one month , interrupted by separates of leather and cashmere .
cate mcgregor spent 40 years in the royal australian air force , most of those under the name malcolm . the senior military official did not express the same kind of appraisal when it came to mr abbott 's stance on same-sex marriage . she said she is ` sad ' that he is not a supporter of it .
hafeez bhatti , 33 , and his wife , khalida , are a ` hardworking , honest and kind ' parents of a little baby boy who moved from pakistan several years ago . the couple were in sydney for just a day when they were abused by an unknown woman on an airport line train . stacey eden , 23 , overheard the ranter insulting the muslim couple as ` isis terrorists ' and was recorded on video standing up for the couple
dr. nikita levy was fired from john hopkins health system in february 2013 after it was discovered he had surreptitiously videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams . the attorneys had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee , however the ruling by a baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent .
scientists announced today that measurements made by the european space probe philae show the comet 's core is n't magnetised . some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation .
elton john and lead singer of the band rem michael stipe have joined forces calling for the equal rights of transgender inmates . ` transgender women in male prisons have an equal right to protection from violence and abuse in prison , and yet they continue to face horrific injustices , ' the musicians released tuesday . last week , the us justice department said prison officials must treat an inmate 's gender identity condition just as they would treat any other medical or mental health condition .
sebastian thrun founded the google x laboratory where the internet search giant has developed google glass and driverless cars . he said it was often difficult to grasp concepts before they come to fruition . thrun was speaking as part of events to mark the premiere of ` the demo , ' an experimental opera about the 1968 data transmission test by scientist doug engelbart .
the mystery of a dead man 's body washed up on a beach 67 years ago may be solved thanks to the technological advances in dna testing . people walking along somerton beach , southwest of adelaide , found a deceased fully-clothed man aged about 45 lying on the shore on december 1 , 1948 . a post-mortem determined that the man had died of poisoning but police and coronial investigations were unable to identify the body due to several factors .
jerry grayson set himself the task of tracking down every aircraft he flew in during the 1970s . the 59-year-old was once the youngest pilot to join the navy and was responsible for saving 15 yachtsmen during the doomed fastnet yacht race in 1979 . mr grayson found that one of the choppers had been turned into a glamping unit - a popular style of camping for posh campers .
nyia parler , 41 , has been hospitalized for undisclosed reasons in maryland ever since her son was found in a pile of wet leaves last friday . police believe the man had been left in the woods all week - with nothing but a bible and a blanket - and was exposed to the rain and cold . he was found next to his wheelchair . parler was initially charged with aggravated assault , kidnapping and neglect of a care-dependent person .
scientists have developed a device that clips onto the smartphone . their device uses the powerful cameras available now on most smartphones in combination with tiny beads that bind to cancerous cells . when these are placed in a clip on module that attaches to a iphone camera -lrb- c -rrb- the microbeads produce distinctive diffraction patterns when they clump around a diseased cell . this mixture is then placed on a slide that can clip onto the camera of a smartphone . the
the box truck collided with a car on interstate 93 southbound in boston 's dorchester neighborhood at about 6am . both drivers were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries . as officials did n't want to risk running trains under the over-hanging truck , replacement shuttle buses were run for southbound passengers .
venessa harris was diagnosed with bone cancer on january 5 . the 12-year-old was the international winner in the tamblyn young model discovery contest . her parents kelly and karen monaghan found out their daughter could have cancer on christmas eve . venessa 's condition was n't confirmed until the new year .
david cameron made the gaffe on a campaign visit to devon this morning . the tory leader has spent the day campaigning in devon , where he must win several seats if he is to stand any chance of winning a majority . but his hopes of courting support in the county were given a knock with his food faux pas as he chatted with staff and customers of tea by the taw on the strand in barnstaple .
maureen baker , 14 , was walking to school when robert blackwell , 19 , lost control of his car and ploughed into her . he had been smoking cannabis and was allegedly checking a text on his phone at the time of the crash . family say they are ` devastated ' by the sentence handed to him .
the humongous attraction on staten island promises stunning panoramic views of the manhattan skyline . set near the st george ferry terminal the giant observation wheel will cost an estimated $ 25 to $ 30 for a 38-minute ride . it will include mobile bar cars , a 20-seat restaurant , a 4-d ride on the ground and an led light show every night .
martin alvarado jr. , from cicero , illinois , appeared in court on monday on a first-degree murder charge for the death of edwin eli o'reilly . he was watching edwin at their home when the toddler urinated on him during a diaper change , according to authorities . the child suffered from multiple blunt force trauma and his death was ruled a homicide .
deanna rudison , 55 , was captured on a surveillance camera at quick stop gas station in the 3300 block of carondelet street this morning . the woman turned herself in and was arrested on two counts of aggravated battery . rudison 's son , 27-year-old jonathan rudison allegedly took part in the attack on the two students .
teenager from mossley , greater manchester , was seized in an anti-terror operation after he tried to buy deadly poison on the internet . he was unaware his online requests were being tracked by covert counter-terrorism officers who feared he was planning an attack . the 16-year-old pleaded guilty to trying to buy the toxin at manchester youth court earlier this month .
micha stunz , 45 , has a 9 inch-long , 3.5 inch penis that now weighs between 7.5 -- 9.5 lbs , between 3 and 4.3 kg . he said he had his penis permanently enlarged in this way , not because it makes him feel ` better ' . he uses his satchel to cover up his groin area when he is in public .
a man called alex posted a video on youtube in which he asked the programme on his ipad a series of questions about gay marriage . he tells the camera : ' i was quite excited to learn that siri has become available in russian ' . the same query also gets the response ' i will pretend i did n't hear that ' .
kelsey higley , 22 , studies art media at the university of oklahoma in norman . created a fascinating self-portrait of her body , showing what it would look like if it were digitally trimmed or augmented into various shapes considered beautiful . the work is part of a project and has been published on video-sharing site vimeo .
ipsos mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties . asked them what they thought the most important issues facing the country were . not one of ed miliband 's candidates named the deficit as an important issue . 5 % of lib dems and 9 % of those surveyed standing for the scottish national party .
david cameron has admitted boris johnson is locked in a behind-the-scenes battle with theresa may and george osborne to take over the tory leadership . the prime minister said the pair were no longer in ` competition ' . admission exposes the battle quietly raging behind the scenes over who will take over from mr cameron .
rebecca and harry settle in at anantara the palm jumeirah in dubai . the couple have been to dubai once before as a swimmer . harry is doing a graphic design course back home and so he spent some time each day on his studies . he is due on june 4 and is expected to make a full recovery .
dc ciara campbell was an officer at lancaster cid in lancashire . she is accused of prying on former partner stuart swarbrick 200 times . the 43-year-old is also accused of spying on her ex-partner pc stuart .
tesco has published a list of tips on how its 314,000 uk workers can stay active in their jobs and not become couch potatoes in a post on its staff website . industry insiders have said that the initiative is part of a wider move to smarten up tesco stores in the eyes of consumers .
angela linton wrote a homophobic message directed at gay teacher thomas o'brien after a row about a school outing . the 47-year-old , from handsworth in birmingham , has been given a community order . told to carry out unpaid work and fined # 185 for harassing the victim .
internet companies will have to reveal names , ip addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who illegally shared the film . legals experts say even if you are hit with a legal threat there are several ways to defend the accusations . iinet 's former chief regulatory officer said the letter was not proof .
prince andrew has personally changed the fate of more than 100 vulnerable young women in calcutta . rescued from brothels and domestic servitude , child labour and human trafficking , the girls have been taught tailoring and silk printing . their kimonos , duster coats , pyjamas , scarves and make-up bags are sold online and on the british high street by topshop .
michael owen , 21 , was preparing for his daughter 's fifth birthday . he was killed in the road accident in crowborough , east sussex . his family have spoken of how loved he was and still ca n't accept he 's gone . kyle careford , the other man in the car , is thought to have died just days before turning 21 .
dr zoe waller , 31 , suffers from the skin condition dermatographia . this is a type of urticaria , where a raised , itchy rash appears on the skin at the slightest pressure . it is thought to be caused when the cells under the surface of the skin release histamines as part of an allergic reaction , causing the skin to swell .
tony orrell , 56 , from feltham , middlesex , vowed to shed the pounds . at size xxxxxxxxl , tony had to buy his clothes from specialist retailers . he lost 21st slimming down from 38st to 17st in three years thanks to his love of zumba .
michael rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in october 2005 and pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him . the plaintiff , luis colon , also claimed that rapieko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car . the city settled with colon for $ 20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims .
britain has been ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness in an international league table . overall , the uk came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity , health and tolerance , putting britain outside the top ten most civilised .
in 2018 , nasa will launch the orion spacecraft using the largest , most powerful rocket booster ever built . the ring connecting orion to the top propulsion stage of the sls will be 11 self-contained small satellites , each about the size of a large shoebox . now , the space agency has revealed three missions that will use these small satellites during the test flight to help develop technologies for astronauts travelling to deep space .
nikki thomas says she wants to turn back the clock and tell jenna that she did n't have to ` put up ' with her former partner 's obsessive behaviour . jenna was strangled to death by philip packer in a jealous rage in 2008 . nikki is warning others to learn from her sister 's tragic story and not tolerate stalking behaviour .
a business called edward 's snow den has appeared in the us president 's headquarters thanks to the clever work of security consultant bryan seely . several reviews appeared underneath the listing , including one which gave it a five star rating and described it as a ` great source of classified information ' .
an online campaign for woolworths has backfired and led to accusations that the supermarket is trying to cash in on anzac day . the supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded ` disrespectful ' and ` disgusting ' . customers took to facebook and twitter to vent their anger over the campaign .
the block 's up market south yarra apartments are set to go under the hammer later this month . thousands of fans will finally get the opportunity to see the four trendy darling street apartments for themselves . the controversial pair made a return for ` triple threat ' after winning only $ 10,000 on the ` glasshouse ' auction day .
donning stilettos , lipstick and mascara , the young men take to the streets of one of washington dc 's most violent neighborhoods . but under their clothing , they are carrying knives , brass knuckles and pepper spray . now , the ` tight-knit ' gang members are fighting to break the cycle of poverty and violence that they have grown up in .
president barack obama has held the fewest number of state dinners since harry s. truman , who left office 62 years ago . in his first six years , obama held just seven state dinners and will hold at least two more this year : for the leaders of japan , on april 28 , and china , later in the year .
jasmine dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on instagram . jesse willesee was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed at 4.20 pm on monday . jasmine started the day by posting a photo of her bare chest with her hands over her bare breasts showing off her long white fingernails with green marijuana leaves .
the merfin is the brainchild of australian professional freediver kazzie mahina . the 37-year-old , from byron bay in new south wales , created the flippers in the shape of a mermaid tail to allow kids and adults to streak through the ocean like an underwater creature .
rubbish teams refused to empty a recycling bin because it had an empty crisp packet on its lid . binmen in farnham , surrey , said the bag of walkers prawn cocktail crisps fell foul of the rules -- even though it had been dropped there by a litterbug . now enraged residents have branded waste collection squads as ` little hitlers ' for enforcing recycling rules to the letter .
andy murray will marry long-term girlfriend kim sears at dunblane cathedral . the 27-year-old has been entrusted with planning the pair 's wedding . he has said he was involved in the cake tasting but has left the majority . murray and miss sears , both 27 , will tie the knot next week .
the unnamed woman has been placed in an isolation ward at canberra hospital for treatment on friday with doctors and nurses wearing full protective clothing . she did not treat any cases of the deadly virus where she worked at an ebola treatment clinic in liberia before she arrived in australia on april 5 . the unnamed health worker is being treated for ebola .
study suggests religious beliefs help people cope in inhospitable habitats . societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all-powerful , deities . here , people carry bags of popcorn through a christian cemetery , to sell in a shanty town in lima , peru .
katrina maddox , 23 , pulled off the double against all the odds after having baby edward on the way to hospital in the early hours of last thursday . her second little boy came along on the a47 in norfolk two years after she had her first son , reuben , in exactly the same way .
football 's tragic history , from ibrox to hillsborough , is well-merited . they are especially vigilant when it comes to anyone blocking the gangways or stairwells . one of the men , solicitor asif bodi , 46 , from preston , explained that the game did n't kick off until 4pm .
shelbie brooke richards , 21 , was sentenced to 8 years in prison on one count of conspiracy to commit a hate crime . sarah adelia graves , 22 , was given 5 years for their role in the horrific 2011 murder of 47-year-old jackson , mississippi man james craig anderson . both women read letters of apology to anderson 's bereaved family .
the 44-year-old golden globe winner allegedly set fire to one pledge after viciously beating him and using a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals . the documents claim that hamm , 44 , was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic november 1990 initiation . he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom .
islam ayaan hirsi ali , 45 , emigrated to america in 2006 after facing death threats in the netherlands , where she had been a member of parliament and a target for extremists . she has accused her fellow liberals of failing to have a proper sense of perspective about life in the u.s. and for not being more critical of islam .
ben cousins , 36 , has been on bail and was due to face fremantle magistrates court on wednesday morning . he was arrested on march 11 after allegedly leading police on a low speed chase from bicton to mosman park . cousins has twice been hospitalised for mental health assessments .
the uk came sixth from last in a list of the world 's most religious countries with only 30 per cent of people practising a faith . at the bottom of the list was china , where 61 per cent are atheists , with only a meagre 6 per cent regarding themselves as religious .
debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions . experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced . both have announced revived figures since making the change . figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale or promotion .
the mindfulness for travel series was developed for launch of the airline 's new airbus a380 service between london and san francisco . providing fliers with meditation techniques , as well as additional healthy flying tips , the programme hopes to inspire a relaxed , positive state of mind for all travellers . coleman recommends wearing comfortable clothing , choosing lighter meals on board , moderating alcohol , coffee and tea intake .
sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the programme . the 22-year-old 's crime was to ask his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself - an action which sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter . sam , who was reportedly seen ` cosying up ' with hollyoaks star stephanie davis over the weekend , admits
a train heading from queens into manhattan was stalled underneath the east river around 8.30 am monday morning . the train 's 542 passengers were taken by a rescue train to grand central station in manhattan . part of the contact shoe , which gets power from the third rail , is thought to have touched the board instead of the rail .
sajid javid said some values prevalent in certain asian communities were ` totally unacceptable in british society ' . comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by asian men in rochdale , rotherham and oxford found the authorities had failed to protect them .
the duchess of cambridge has released a new range for the second royal baby 's arrival . the range includes boy 's t-shirts and romper suits , complete with bearskin hat-wearing soldiers , and pretty smocked dresses and pink cardigans for girls . there are even pink or blue rabbit booties .
mikaeel kular was killed by his mother rosdeep adekoya in january last year . she told police the three-year-old had wandered off , sparking a manhunt . police scotland probed the claims and an internal investigation was launched . at least nine workers were subject to disciplinary action and dismissed .
james hannaway , manager of rex cinema in berkhamsted , hertfordshire , cancelled the regular tuesday baby matinees due to a combination of ` whingeing , bitching , snitching and the law ' . he said the special screenings were to allow parents to enjoy adult films with their children .
the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - hillary 's bearing the clinton foundation logo . mrs clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire , where she 'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon .
life quo , katherine jenkins and west end star elaine paige will perform at the event . it is set to be one of the highlights of a three-day commemoration of the end of the second world war . the 1940s-themed concert will take place on saturday 9 and will be broadcast on bbc1 , hosted by chris evans .
the experimental espresso machine is intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy . it was supposed to arrive in january , shortly after her arrival , so she could get some relief from the station 's instant coffee . but it ended up on the back burner after a station shipment from virginia was lost in a launch explosion .
mark allen sanders was beaten with a paddle , dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire . he was one of seven sigma nu brothers who tormented and humiliated sanders when he was a young pledge at the university of texas at austin . the young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney .
dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif spoke to cosmopolitan.com about the ` jaw-dropping ' cases they were faced with while filming the upcoming season of the show . dr dubrow said that many of the various cosmetic blunders featured go beyond anything either of them had ever been faced with before .
jeff dubois of kiro , struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around interstate 5 . during the unexpectedly dangerous report , cameraman damien glitch was stung more than 20 times . all the while dubois was reporting live , tens of white-suited bee-keepers rushed to save as many of the insects as they could .
the queen was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma , as she was joined by lord vestey and her head groom terry pendry . she was well prepared for any spring showers in a lightweight waterproof , and , as is her wont , eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves .
team sky 's sir bradley wiggins took part in the paris-roubaix race . competitors approached a crossing over a train track during the race . but as the barriers came down to signal a train was passing through . seconds later a tgv rushes along the train tracks .
walter scott was jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery . deputies responded to a call about a fight between scott and another man . when deputies told the two to break it up , scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer .
matilda kahl , an art director at saatchi , wears the exact same ` uniform ' -- an outfit made up of black trousers , white shirt and a custom leather rosette . in an article for harper 's bazaar , matilda explained that the unique sartorial idea came to her after a particularly stressful morning when .
more than seven million episodes from seasons one to four were illegally downloaded between february and april this year . figures by anti-piracy and security firm irdeto revealed overall illegal downloading of show is up 45 per cent year-on-year . top country for illegal downloads of game of thrones episodes was brazil , which accounted for almost one million of them .
melbourne-born , paris-based designer martin grant will refresh the uniforms worn by qantas ' domestic and international pilots . he will spend time talking to pilots , travelling with them and sitting in a flight simulator before he begins to design the new uniforms . mr grant has more than 30 years ' experience working as a in the fashion industry .
the banking giant was criticised for refusing to grant the # 250,000 loan . the husband would have been over 65 when the 18-year-deal finished . hsbc was ordered to pay # 500 to the couple for their ` distress and inconvenience ' over the ` unfair application of its age policy ' .
the front row at mercedes-benz fashion week australia were given an eyeful during the st george new generation show . one model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination . another wore an unusual skirt and pants creation that appeared demure front-on .
two sisters stripped of right to control their aged mother 's fortune . hostility between women meant they would never be able to make rational decisions about how to deal with the 97-year-old widow 's property . mother , who has dementia , lives in a care home in stoke mandeville , buckinghamshire .
gertrud tiefenbacher 's hands had been tied with a typewriter cord . her body was found by other nuns at the sacred heart missionary in ixopo , 85 miles south-west of durban . police say she was suffocated but they are unsure how many men attacked her .
baango greenblatt-seay , 33 , used his drone to film the cinematic effect before zooming in on the car 's tires , headlights , dashboard and seats like a classic car commercial . the video begins from far overhead , showcasing the silver car as just a speck among the vast expanse of trees at hummel park in omaha , nebraska .
pippa middleton and boyfriend nico jackson left fulham restaurant last night . miss middleton , 31 , walked hand-in-hand with her boyfriend of two years . she 's been spotted wearing at least four different variations on their signature pointed flat design , with this lizard material style being the latest to catch her eye .
jacob hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres down under for his seven-year-old son , evan . mr hall , from iowa , said his son was ` totally overjoyed ' with the message . he added he was ` so humbled ' by the overwhelming response he had received .
xana doyle , 19 , was a passenger in the toyota avensis , which flipped . driver sakhawat ali , 23 , was more than twice the drink-drive limit . he was pronounced dead at the scene in newport , south wales . ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking .
doctors at the memorial sloan-kettering cancer center in new york have hailed their patient 's recovery ` one of the most astonishing responses ' . the 49-year-old woman showed a staggering response to a new combination of two drugs , to treat skin cancer . they combined a standard drug already used , ipilimumab , with another , nivolumab . four years ago doctors removed a 4.2 mm melanoma from her back .
melvin the giraffe was attacked by an antelope walking in the same enclosure at kristiansand zoo , around 200 miles south of oslo . zoo vets rushed to the scene , but were unable to save the five-year-old giraffe , who died in front of shocked families .
the journalist and lifestyle guru behind the ` i quit sugar ' book complained to mamamia after her image was used to illustrate a story about orthorexia nervosa . wilson 's face was plastered on the article alongside controversial wellness blogger belle gibson , who has been accused of faking terminal cancer .
vitamin and mineral supplements are becoming more popular as health conscious shoppers focus on good nutrition , but do we really need pills to optimise our diet ? nutritionist sarah flower says that cooking with the right ingredients should give you all the goodness you need . she believes we are still not doing enough .
james freedman removes harry mount 's timepiece without him noticing in his pickpocketing lesson . he has also advised the metropolitan police and taught the ` art ' to actors -- showing the boy who played the artful dodger in roman polanski 's film oliver twist .
sofia vergara 's lawyer fred silberberg told people late friday that the 42-year-old ` has never wanted to destroy her embryos ' . however , she 's not planning on using them either as she has moved on with her life . vergberg has refused to ` agree to their preservation under all circumstances ' .
natalie prescott , 26 , was not expected to survive after she dived into a quarry . her family was warned she was unlikely to pull through and that if she did , she would almost certainly lose her legs . after learning that a teenage boy tragically drowned in the same quarry on friday , natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public .
u.s. environmental protection agency and puerto rico 's department of agriculture are investigating where and when the pesticide was used and how much was applied . sean , 16 , and his brother ryan , 14 , remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized due to being poisoned by methyl bromide .
iain mackay , 40 , is believed to have argued with nilobon patty , 35 . she has been accused of ` indirectly causing his death ' as seeing her . mr mackal ended their relationship last month as his work overseas prevented him from settling down with her . she claims she was not with another man , but out with friends .
pauline hanson described halal certification as a ` profit , money-making racket ' and that the public were being ` hoodwinked ' over the issue . she also said that the protests on saturday were about ` criticism , not racism ' . ms hanson said that an investigation into where the money actually goes .
tittygram and titisign have popped up in russia offering the eyebrow raising service and are , by all accounts , causing quite a stir . it has already caught the attention of one big company , which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers . the picture can then be used as either a personal message , or advertising , and cost just # 4 .
police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in los angeles on sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head . the suspect , who is described as hispanic , medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time , apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of wagner street in del rey . the father then ran into the boy 's bedroom to shield him as the gunman followed shooting , authorities said .
alissa sizemore , from vernal , utah , was only seven-years-old when a truck ran over her foot and immediately severed it . the eight-year-old had to have her right leg amputated below the knee , she was determined to get back in the dance studio as soon as possible .
mitya the baby bear was found abandoned outside a circus in vladivostok , east russia , earlier this year . he is one of many bear cubs rescued by special groups across russia this spring , often after illegal hunters kill their mothers . mitya has since been moved to a private zoo where he has found a permanent home .
the female , named varvara , swam 14,000 miles -lrb- 22,500 km -rrb- from the east coast of russia to breeding grounds off the coast of mexico . her return journey across the north pacific raises questions about the critically endangered creature 's conservation status .
flight vs44 should have left mccarran airport at 4.30 pm local time on easter monday . but a series of delays meant the 403 passengers did not get away on their flight to gatwick until early on wednesday . now , some passengers are considering legal action against virgin .
scott kelley , now 50 , and stepdaughter mary nunes , now 19 , surrendered at the u.s. embassy on monday and were flown back to hartsfield-jackson atlanta airport . the pair fled new hampshire in 2004 along with genevieve 's former husband and mary 's father during a custody dispute with mark nunes . kelanta is now facing a charge of custodial interference , the same charge his wife is due
social media expert sarah-jane kurtini believes people need to more aware of their ramblings on the web . set your location settings to off if you do not want people to be able to figure out where you and your children live . private social networks offer a secure way to share the pictures of your children with your family and friends .
bali nine ringleaders myuran sukumaran and andrew chan will find out if their last-ditch legal appeal against their death row sentence will be allowed to proceed . a jakarta court is due to decide whether the pair 's lawyers can challenge indonesian president joko widodo 's decision to deny the two australians clemency . the unusual appeal in the state administrative court is likely to save them from the firing squad for their part in the 2005
chloe owens , 27 , from swanley , kent , came up with the idea for bump 2 breast . she was pregnant with daughter lola , now three months old . like most first-time mums , chloe and husband david had no idea what to expect when they brought their first child home from hospital .
police hunting for karen buckley have found ` human remains ' on a farm . officers made the grisly discovery last night as they combed rural land on the outskirts of milngavie , nine miles from the scottish city . a number of plastic barrels were examined during the search , as well as a large metal container .
federal law enforcement officials say a right wing group has published the names , numbers and addresses of senior and former officials with several government agencies . the post claims to reveal the information of fbi director james comey and dhs director charles johnson . the department of homeland security confirmed the leak but would not elaborate on who was affected or how many addresses had been leaked .
lib dem leader listed reasons why different groups are ` p ***** off ' . he said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions . blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it . blamed the fact the lib dems had entered into coalition with one of the major parties . said public sector workers left because their pensions were hit and some faced job cuts .
hollie tillbrook , 17 , was out with her boyfriend when she collapsed . doctors believe her potassium levels had plummeted to such a low level . but two officers , believed to be from the met police , rushed to her side . she was then rushed to basildon hospital , where she was put into an induced coma .
david bulman , 55 , left his wife lubova with a black eye and a lump on her head . neighbours called the police after bulman drove away , damaging a gate post and a van . bulman was given a 12-month community order after he pleaded guilty to assault occasioning actual bodily harm .
system spots chemical signals in exhaled air linked to tumour development . by looking for distinctive ` breath prints ' , researchers were able to distinguish between patients at high and low risk of developing the disease . discovery comes as scientists in the us made breakthrough that could lead a test to flag up the most aggressive forms of prostate cancer .
a-listers from michelle obama to angelina jolie lent support to the #bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved . but unicef have revealed that a year later , more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing .
viva las vegas rockabilly weekend - now in its 18th year - is a flashback to classic cars , vintage pinups , tiki drinks , tattoos and a fashion aesthetic that balances high heels with just as high hair . around 20,000 fans of the era gathered over the weekend for musical performances and car show off the strip at the orleans hotel and casino .
johnny , 51 , and amber , 28 , were wearing their wedding bands , although missing from amber 's ring finger was the huge sparkler johnny gave her on their engagement . the sighting comes just hours after people.com claimed they were ` leading separate lives ' because they had n't been photographed together in public since their february 3 nuptials .
pierre collins was phootgraphed monday being placed in the back of a squad car in handcuffs and taken away from his apartment complex in crystal . he will be processed and taken to the hennepin county jail . collins ' wife , yamah collins , was later escorted to an unmarked police vehicle and also driven away .
a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours . femail has compiled the worst examples , including the names ` orgasm ' , submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories .
clinton met a few employees at kristin 's bakery in keene , new hampshire on monday as her presidential campaign in the granite state got underway . but some in the kitchen refused to be identified or speak on the record . others at the bakery were more congenial , including an infant girl named molly who cooed while clinton held her .
snp leader nicola sturgeon hits back at claims from ex-pm sir john major . he said the snp would use any power they wield in westminster . sir john said he had repeatedly warned in the 1990s that devolution to scotland would make independence more , not less , likely .
jaclyn pfeiffer , 29 , worked at the aloma methodist early childhood learning center in orange county full-time for the last 18 months . her partner , kelly bardier , 33 , took a job in another part of the school as a substitute teacher . even though the couple insisted they had tried to keep their relationship private , the director of aloma early learning center fired both of them because of their sexuality .
natasha willard was diagnosed with encephalitis , an inflammation of the brain . she fell ill while studying for her a-levels in cwmbran in wales . her family are unsure how the teenager became ill so suddenly . they are now trying to teach her to walk and talk again .
germany 's europe director has been quoted by the greek media . he said he could not see a successful conclusion to the country 's bailout . greece repaid a roughly $ 450 million loan instalment to the international monetary last week but athens ' financial problems have renewed fears the country might miss the imf payment of $ 200m on the 1st may and another for $ 745m 11 days later .
chloe valentine , 4 , died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in january 2012 . her mother , ashlee polkinghorne , and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to chloe 's manslaughter through criminal neglect . coroner mark johns ' ruling that families sa was broken and fundamentally flawed .
sir paul mccartney married heather mills at the 17th century castle leslie in county monaghan , ireland . the pair were said to have been less than overjoyed by their father 's choice of partner . the remarkable picture is a portent of the bitterness that would follow the wedding in 2002 .
martyn uzzell , 51 , was riding from land 's end to john o'groats for macmillan cancer support when he was thrown into the path of a four-inch pothole . just a month before the tragedy , the council sent workers to inspect the hole after police said it was a hazard . but it was decided that immediate repairs were not necessary .
lib dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to allow him to continue his regular broadcasts . aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives .
scott stephenson is due to be jailed for stealing a phone from a man he found collapsed in the street in south shields , tyne and wear . he unleashed an extraordinary expletive-filled rant outside court this week after he was re-bailed for sentence . the 19-year-old rifled through his unnamed victim 's pockets and made off with the iphone 4 . his victim had tripped and fallen unconscious on the cold december day .
gemma collins has expanded her popular range of plus-size clothing . the 34-year-old star of the only way is essex , who has gone from selling cards in romford to being the face and force behind a successful clothing brand . she said : ' i love that sums me up as i have curves and love my shape ' .
intel ceo brian krzanich revealed the demonstration to show off the firm 's button sized computed and controller wristband . he was able to cause lights on the robots to change shape , and control their movement from the bans . it contains bluetooth low-energy radio , sensors and battery charging technologies .
mathew sitko , 23 , drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence . the fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with sitko still behind the wheel . sitko was taken to hospital and is recovering from minor injuries .
scientists claim to have established which diets are most likely to work . from high protein to low fat , calorie counters to slimming shakes , we are bombarded by diet plans promising the holy grail of weight loss . but if you just ca n't shed the pounds - or keep them off - then help may be at hand .
an alabama mayor was arrested and a city police chief was taken to the hospital in an ambulance after a fight at city hall on friday . lipscomb police chief warren carey was trying to arrest mayor lance mcdade when the fight broke out , according to a city clerk . carey is currently in jail for resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer .
the los angeles dodgers had a rare rain delay on the second day of the season , though there was n't nearly enough moisture for a rainout . earlier in the day , the unusually cold spring storm brought heavy rain and hail to parts of northern california and coated the mountains in snow .
great british bake off host sue perkins is favourite to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear , according to bookmakers coral . it has made her evens for the role , ahead of dermot o'leary who is 2-1 and jodie kidd who is third at 5-2 .
sophie thomas wore the black shirt in march when she was having her picture taken at clermont northeastern middle school in batavia . when the students got their class photos this week , she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with photoshop . school principal kendra young said the word was removed to ` prevent any unintended controversies ' .
work and pensions secretary said ed miliband was standing on ` the most left-wing platform since michael foot ' . he set out a powerful moral case for the party 's policies , which have reduced welfare dependency and got two million more into work . mr duncan smith called on fellow tories to ` bang the drum ' in the next fortnight to champion the government 's achievements .
a 1921 application form to join the racist ku klux klan organisation has emerged . the form asks a further 19 questions ranging from the mundane , such as ` what is your age ? ' . at the top is an introduction implying that it is intended to be sent out to people whose friends have identified them as suitable recruits .
prime minister tony abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across australia to keep the public safe on april 25 . two teenagers remain in custody following raids in melbourne 's south-east . another 18-year-old , from hampton park , is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act .
the huge rise will be due to a baby boom among pakistani , bangladeshi , and african immigrants who usually come to this country during their young , child bearing years . campaigners fear this sudden increase will put pressure on housing , schools and the nhs , and worsen the quality of life in britain as a whole .
the gilded age will be set among the high society families of new york in the late 19th century . violet will be seen as her far younger self , with events taking place decades before the first series of downton abbey . lord fellowes told the mail on sunday : ` robert grantham would be in his early teens , cora would be a child ' .
omar kalashnikov , a former member of the ukrainian parliament , was found dead wednesday evening . it said the he had died of gunshot wounds but did not say whether it was believed to be homicide or suicide . yanukovych fled in february 2014 after months of increasingly violent protests .
the maglev train completed a test run on a track in yamanashi , japan . it beat the previous record of 361mph -lrb- 580km/h -rrb- set in 2003 . maglev trains use magnets to lift the carriages above the track . this eliminates the need for wheels and therefore any incidence of friction . right now speeds are limited at up to 400 kilometres per hour .
rachel lynn lehnardt , 35 , from evans , georgia , was spotted outside her house wearing a hooded jacket and workout clothes just days after being arrested . she has been charged with two counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor and is out on bail .
uk civil aviation authority figures show 238m passengers passed through british airports in 2014 , just three million less than the pre-recession boom peak of 241m in 2007 and 10m more -lrb- a 4.4 per cent rise -rrb- than 2013 . germany proved a more visited destination even than france and italy , which were all ranked behind spain and the us .
the canines were used for the fillings of ` pastels ' , a traditional brazilian stuffed pastry which is deep-fried and normally made with ground beef . officers investigating the rio de janeiro snack bar reportedly found boxes containing the frozen carcasses of dozens of dogs . owner chinese van ruilonc admitted to making the snacks from dog meat .
the 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of belize into an eco-resort and conservation area . the resort will have villas on a platform over the water , as well as artificial reefs with ` fish shelters ' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the ailing area .
andy murray will marry his sweetheart kim sears in dunblane on saturday . the pair will tie the knot at the medieval church in central scotland . southwest england was a close second however , boasting 5.40 per 1,000 . the most popular wedding destination in the uk is dumfries and galloway .
isis militants stormed the yarmouk camp in south damascus last wednesday . they had seized control of up to 90 per cent of the camp , it has been claimed . the palestinian group has declared israel its sworn enemy . isis ' decision to publicly execute the men has prompted outrage .
representatives from comcast and time warner cable plan to meet with us department of justice officials on wednesday . there are also concerns the merged company and would have unfair competitive leverage against tv channel owners and businesses offering online video programming . the proposed meeting will be the first time the cable companies have met with regulators since announcing their proposed deal a year ago .
54 per cent of australian women said they would describe themselves as either ` beautiful ' or ` average ' . around the world just four per cent think they 're worthy of the glowing epithet . dove erected signs above doors to public buildings in five cities - shanghai , san francisco , london , sao paulo and delhi .
the best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut . the shape and thickness of the steak is also important . jared mccarroll head chef at m restaurant and grill , the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping ; when buying steaks purchase the best meat you can afford .
billy mitchell , now seven , was born with apert syndrome . it causes malformations of the skull , face , hands and feet . he also had a titanium frame drilled into his head , which was left there for nine weeks . his parents say he absolutely loves his new face and is proud of his face .
mahendra bavishi said detectives have asked to put some ` sensitive ' questions to his british-based son who runs the business . he said the robbers almost certainly had some inside information because they appeared to know several cctv cameras in the building where his firm is based . manish , 38 , was on a month-long holiday with his wife and child in sudan .
the federal government has announced they will strip parents of welfare benefits if they do n't immunise their children . parents who refuse to immunised their children are set to lose up to $ 15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from january 1 , 2016 . meanwhile , families who do vaccinate their kids are eligible for the $ 726 family tax benefit part a end of year supplement .
` loneliness map ' drawn up by essex county council showing areas most vulnerable to becoming socially isolated . campaigners say local councils should draw up maps of the places where pensioners and others are most likely to suffer from social isolation . two county councils , essex and gloucestershire , have already implemented the maps .
the 47-year-old man from warwick , 150km south-west of brisbane , has been charged with 145 child exploitation offences . police allege the man used a range of social media sites to prey on children under the age of 16 and in some cases arranged meetings so he could physically abuse them . so far 28 victims have been identified from queensland , nsw and victoria .
liana barrientos , 38 , pleaded not guilty on friday based on charges that she married 10 men and charged a fee for her ` services ' . the alleged ` serial bride ' used an emergency exit door at a bronx subway station instead of paying for a metro card along with her 19-year-old niece . she was granted the new charge of theft of service and was released without any bail being set .
the dartmouth college judicial committee has ` derecognized ' alpha delta . it found alpha delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of a suspension for alcohol violations . the 46-year-old greek organization partly inspired the 1978 national lampoon 's animal house starring john belushi .
aedes aegypti , known for its black and white stripes , can spread crippling diseases like dengue and chikunguya . the blood suckers were discovered in the international baggage terminal on february 17 , march 30 and again on march 31 . authorities said if the troublesome mosquitoes had n't been detected they could have become a serious threat to the health of those living around the airport .
christine lynn smith , 50 , was arrested on tuesday after the bodies of 10 cats and three dogs were found decomposing in her former home . the 50-year-old 's home on north pine knoll drive was recently auctioned off , and new homeowner ed harrell was checking out the property . deputies had to completely air out the home , which stenched of ammonia , before proceeding inside to find the decaying bodies of nine more dogs and three cats - most in crates .
malcolm turnbull is set to feature on the front cover of the gq australia . the minister from sydney 's exclusive suburb of point piper confirmed rumours that he had planned to run for prime minister if tony abbott had been successfully toppled in february 's leadership spill .
the offer comes as pension reforms give over-55s access to billions of pounds from today to withdraw from their pension pots and spend as they like . tens of thousands of savers are being tempted to put their money into property . this surge of ` silver landlords ' is likely to push up house prices .
moheed ahmed , 21 , is said to be a member of extremist group hizb ut-tahrir . he was arrested by turkish police at the border town of reyhanli last week . ahmed was one of nine detained , all from rochdale , including four children .
stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson-woolley , in front of 120 guests in new south wales this saturday . but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding . police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search .
ronald pearson and his wife miriam met at an evening dance . they married in 1943 and settled in broughton near chester . mrs pearson , 95 , died last month within two days of each other . their marriage was described as ` the greatest true love story ' at funeral .
italian musician andrea furlan was captured on camera by filmmaker friend irina niculescu standing in front of a river in stony stratford , milton keynes . he holds a ` butterfly landscape ' designed instrument to his mouth and plays a tune , while an unsuspecting herd of cows graze in the background .
german woman was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport on wednesday afternoon . three thieves are said to have ` appeared from nowhere ' and smashed a rear window of the car , making off with the bag . the heist took place in the landy tunnel , just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs .
ukip leader risked alienating those watching at westminster 's central hall . he protested they were ` a remarkable audience even by the left-wing standards of the bbc ' . outburst came less than half an hour into the event after some of his comments about pressure on housing due to immigration .
labour leader declined several chances to say that his deputy would get the second most powerful job if he gets to number 10 . ed miliband today refused to confirm that deputy labour leader harriet harman would become deputy prime minister if labour wins the general election . miss harman has previously suggested that gordon brown 's refusal to maker her deputy pm was sexist .
university student spoke through the english collective of prostitutes ' . she said she did n't immediately turn to prostitution but used it as a last resort . more than a fifth of students have thought about being involved in the sex industry . survey conducted by the university of swansea revealed nearly five per cent of them had actually worked in the industry .
at 6-foot-5 and 289lb jj watt is a terror on the football field . now the nfl defensive end flaunting his incredible athletic process off the field . watt , already a legend in houston for his performance both on the field and off , leaned down after his jump and declared : ` must have been the shoes , baby ! ' .
california farmers have been allowed to hog dwindling supplies of water , digging ever-deeper bore holes to keep the rest of us stocked up with all-year-round peaches , sweet peppers and pistachios . the trouble is , global demand for the nut is soaring -- as customers from david cameron to millions of middle-class chinese develop a passion for almond-based foods .
lillian bustle , from new jersey , revealed that she also calls herself ` short ' , because she is 5 ' 3 '' , and ` wife ' . ` fat ' is just another self-descriptor for her , who insists that the word does n't have to be used as a synonym for ` ugly ' .
patrick and marianne charles , 78 and 74 , were without heating during blackout . couple sat down in their conservatory in eastbourne , east sussex , with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room . couple laid dead for 16 days before their son , andrew , raised the alarm .
perth were fined $ 269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table . the club suffered a 3 - 0 defeat to sydney on friday night . fans set off a series of flares , unimpressed by attempts by officials to placate them . ffa chief executive david gallop said he expects perth 's management to be removed in the wake of the mess .
more than one million people have already booked their slots to see the piece of linen that devotees believe to be the burial cloth of jesus christ between now and june 24 . the shroud has been dated to the end of the 13th century , lending support to those who say it is a medieval forgery .
louise smith , 38 , has been convicted of fraud and is on the run after cctv footage showed her standing over the girl , aged under 10 , and pulling two hairs from her head . she was eating dinner with the child and a man in the crown and thistle pub near carlisle , cumbria , last may when she planted the hairs and complained to staff . but in reality smith did not have enough money to pay for the # 21 dinner .
the error was spotted during a hampshire constabulary training course . two officers have decided to proudly continue wearing the tops . one member of staff decided to return the faulty garment . chairman of the police federation burst out laughing when he saw the uniform and posted a photograph of it online . he said the officers will only wear the uniforms ` internally ' and not when they are patrolling the area .
salads in britain say they are denied basic hygiene facilities while working and are forced to use bushes near where the vegetables are being grown as toilets . some live in filthy shacks made of wood and plastic sheeting near the fields in southern spain . they claim they are made to work around dangerous pesticides .
united express flight from kansas city , missouri , to denver , colorado , took just an hour and a half to get to the unscheduled stop at colorado springs . but passengers were told that if they got off , that would be the end of their trip and they would have to give up on connecting flights .
elizabeth warren says she 's relieved dzhokhar tsarnaev has been found guilty on all 30 charges related to the boston marathon explosions . the 21-year-old liberal-minded warren stuck by her anti-death penalty stance . ` my heart goes out to the families here but i do n't support the death penalty . i think that he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole - he should die in prison - but that 's just how i see
tate ricks , nine , was reportedly fishing with his grandma 's boyfriend when their boat capsized and he was not found at shore . the man was able to make it to shore , deputies said . on sunday , officials said they were using sonar and thermal imaging in the water and on the coastline in efforts to rescue the boy .
the marshall county board voted last week to send a bill for $ 76,000 to the peoria republican who resigned last month amid an expenses scandal . the letter seeks a check or a promise from schock that he will pay for this summer 's special and general election costs . county officials estimate each will run about $ 38,000 .
jack welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive . welch warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education , which is now failing to give students value for the amount of money they are forced to shell out .
former secretary of state played by kate mckinnon and one of her advisers , played by vanessa bayer , discuss how she will declare her intentions at noon on sunday . the pair decide to record a cellphone video of the democrat for her campaign launch in a bid to make her come across as soft and approachable . during the scene , they insist her second run at the white house will be about the people and not centered around her .
the family had left a waterfront restaurant thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles . the boy 's parents swam to the surface , but the children were stuck in vehicle . they were n't breathing when rescuers brought them up . the teen died at the hospital several hours later .
mail has exposed companies that have secretly sold private financial and medical information without proper checks . pharmacy2u had passed information on nhs patients to alchemy direct media . whistleblower said it was ` madness ' that so much personal information was available to him and he had passed it to the mail because he was worried about who else might have access to it .
vicky pryce has been speaking about life post prison and how she 's handled a stellar , if not tumultuous , career - all while bringing up her brood . the author , who since her stint behind bars , says that her advice to women would be to ` be as independent as you possibly can ' .
an australian couple who abandoned a boy born in a surrogacy deal in india were repeatedly told the child would be left stateless , new evidence shows . documents reveal the shocking details of the case that saw a couple return to australia with a baby girl while leaving her twin brother behind . the couple reportedly told staff they would be giving the boy to some friends ` who were unable to conceive a child ' .
kansas republican gov. sam brownback is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from democrats . kansansans , like citizens of many other states , are issued debit cards when they register for state-based welfare . under the rules of the bill , bail-bondsmen would no longer be allowed to accept the cards as payment .
police believe driss diaeddinn , 50 , bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers , 38-year-old dodi fayed , and their mother , kenza benzakour , on the ground floor of their phoenix , arizona home on thursday . abc 15 reported that he shot each victim in a way that ensured they were dead . police believe the man and his relatives were in an on-going dispute over the family business .
the cn tower in toronto offers sweeping views of canada 's largest city and lake ontario . it is the third tallest tower in the world and was once classified as one of the seven wonders of the modern world by the american society of civil engineers . it welcomes nearly two million international visitors a year , including the brave souls who dare to walk on its glass floor or around the edge of the main observation pod .
leah rogers and ryan flanaghan were selling toys at the boot sale in bude , cornwall , when they spotted the purple teddy at another seller 's stall . the bear turned out to be one of just 100 made around the world , made in december 1997 for the princess of wales memorial trust . they are now selling the bear on the auction site and put the money towards a deposit for a house .
stephanie , 13 , wrote to her father in nevada 's delamar dry lake . she enlisted the help of car manufacturer hyundai to make the earth drawing , that has now broken a world record for its size . stephanie thought she could use his hobby to send him a message from back on earth .
rand paul , a libertarian-leaning kentucky senator , sparred with today host savannah guthrie about his past foreign policy positions . ` why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , ok ? ' he griped . paul launched his presidential bid on tuesday in louisville .
raymond laing has been convicted for drink-driving , assault and dangerous driving causing injury in 2010 . the man dubbed ` new zealand 's worst ever drink driver ' has been released from prison , despite describing himself as ' a danger to the community ' . despite his comments , laing will walk free on may 15 .
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell are taking their masterclass of wellness to ceos and executives across australia . skills such as dealing with stress , being aware of trains of thought , and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking , business and retail sector .
police raided the house of john koepke , in wittmann , arizona . found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting , cramped conditions . one of the cats was found nursing a set of three young chihuahua puppies . many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems .
taylor alesana of fallbrook , california took her own life on april 2 after being bullied because she was transgender . the north county lgbtq resource center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults . she sometimes was forced to dress as a boy -lrb- above in photo from 2 years ago -rrb- .
louisa steckenreuter , 35 , a mother to two young children , darcy , 13 , and tilda , 2 , was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a rare form of cancer last year . now to have a chance at accessing potentially life-saving treatment the woman from dulwich hill , in sydney 's inner-west , needs to raise $ 100,000 .
dick rothkopf , a former toy company chief , chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills . but the property is so remote that it took two years , a team of engineers and $ 1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door .
michael easy , 29 , from southampton , hampshire , sparked a nationwide police manhunt after going on the run in 2013 after attacking a woman at a party . he posted photographs of himself on facebook posing in a platinum wig and pink dame edna everage-style glasses under the profile name of michelle . the image showed him pressing his finger to his lips - taunting police as they failed to track him down . he was jailed for 15 months - but he went on the
kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america . the miami-based latina is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches . she describes herself as a ` mamasota ' , meaning ` hot ' or ` sexy ' in spanish .
restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life . he moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage . he said he was offered $ 300,000 for the 2014 festival which was a reduction from the $ 400,000 government offered in the previous year .
clinton endorsed gay marriage in 2013 after she left the state department , saying she ` was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state ' . in a terse interview last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic , she repeated that position . now a presidential candidate , clinton gave same-sex marriage her complete backing ahead of the presentation later this month of oral arguments in several cases before the supreme court on the matter
shah jahah khan , 62 , and muslim convert ibrahim anderson , 38 , deny one charge of inviting support for a banned organisation . anderson appeared at westminster magistrates court wearing dark grey islamic dress with a grey cardigan . elderly-looking khan appeared with a long white beard and light blue dress . khan and khan have both pleaded guilty to terror offences today .
doug hughes , 61 , landed his gyro-copter on the west lawn of the capitol in washington d.c after he landed it there on wednesday afternoon . hughes claims he informed the secret service and capitol police of his potentially lethal stunt into the no-fly zone , which was designed to draw attention to campaign finance reform and government corruption .
piper , eight , was travelling with her two brothers when the accident happened on wyee road near doyalson about 5.15 pm on saturday . piper 's grandmother , helen boddy , was also in the vehicle at the time of the accident . the incident also left passengers in the ute that collided with the astra with severe injuries .
the labor department reported on thursday that the number of jobless americans in their 20s armed with a four-year or advanced degree rose to 12.4 per cent last year . the overall unemployment rate has fallen to 5.5 per cent in march from 6.7 per cent at the end of 2013 .
todd larson , 55 , told daily mail online he had parked his collectible dodge challenger worth $ 30,000 in the driveway of his taylorsville home . moments later an ice chunk crashed onto his car at 1.53 am . mr larson said the faa did an investigation and found an a1 aircraft that matched within two minutes of the time the incident happened .
nigel jackson , 59 , was arrested at his country home in alvor , near portimao . the body of his wife brenda davidson , 72 , was found in a shallow grave outside . jackson claimed mrs davidson committed suicide after being diagnosed with ovarian and thyroid cancer . but after being shown evidence she was killed , he sticks to the rest of his original story , saying he buried her in his garden with their beloved pets .
the 76sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds , near godshill , is made entirely from timber imported from norway . it has 141,000 acres of forest surrounding the cabin , but its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere .
italian astronaut samantha cristoforetti wore the uniform on friday . together with nasa astronaut terry virts she captured the spacecraft . on board it had 4,000 lbs of supplies - including a coffee machine . it will remain at the iss for a month before returning to earth .
fka twigs has been one of the main trendsetters when it comes to the septum ring . the ring is n't a new trend - the process of piercing the wall between the two nostrils has been done for years . in australia , aboriginals used the piercing to try and flatten their nose .
taxpayers are having to find # 11billion a year to top up the wages . the money is paid to some 5.2 million workers in the form of tax credits . campaigners say the figures shine a light on how companies making huge profits are relying on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table .
solomon bygraves , 29 , jailed for 30 months for mugging stanley evans . he offered to help the pensioner with his shopping but instead snatched his wallet and knocked him to the ground . pensioner was left lying in the entrance to the flats in soho , central london for ten minutes after the attack .
nick clegg wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls . some patients would be uncomfortable with the prospect of exposing their ailments to their gp over the web . officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service and insisted it would only be for minor ailments or progress checks .
jacob church , 21 , and joe tobin , 29 , were at an art exhibition at a former bank building when the vault door shut behind them . the pair were fed water through a tube to prevent them becoming dehydrated while police kept in contact with them . eventually fire crews with specialist drills were able to cut through the thick concrete walls .
scientists from the university of michigan believe they have found tiny triggers inside those cells that give rise to this ` voice ' . the new research , done on fish and mice , could someday lead to pills that will be able to quieten that voice or increase its volume . the research focused on pomc neurons , which are a structure called the hypothalamus , that send and receive signals to regulate appetite .
patricia jannuzzi was put on administrative leave last month and was asked to disable her facebook page when her comments drew wide publicity . school alumnus scott lyons wrote a critical letter that was shared online by thelma & louise star susan sarandon , who 's his aunt . she said that ` secular materialists -lrb- are -rrb- making our country so weak we can not fight the dictatorship of militant islam ' .
shayna hubers , 24 , is on trial in the 2012 shooting death of her lawyer boyfriend , 29-year-old ryan poston . hubers claimed she was acting in self-defense because the young attorney was shoving and hitting her , but during an interview with police she was quoted as telling a detective she gave posten ` the nose job he wanted ' . she then described her late boyfriend of one year as ` vain ' about his looks .
the duke of kent , 79 , was spotted leaving aberdeen royal infirmary . he was taken to hospital on easter monday and spent a night in hospital . his royal highness prince edward walked to his daughter lady helen taylor 's car . the queen 's cousin was admitted to the hospital yesterday .
jarret stoll , 32 , is the longtime boyfriend of dancing with the stars host erin andrews , a former espn employee who now works as an nfl sideline reporter for fox sports . he was arrested on suspicion of possession of cocaine and mdma at the wet republic pool at the mgm grand hotel shortly before 5pm . stoll was previously in the news for non-sports related reasons back in 2013 when he was rushed to the hospital after having a seizure at his home in
shane o'byrne and wife jaimie received the fine after they took their baby cristabelle out for the first time in march 2013 . in the process of getting out of the car the ticket they had bought fell on the floor just underneath the driver 's seat - invisible to the warden who issued them with a penalty . the couple explained to the authorities what had happened but were not let off the fine .
loretta reinholdt , 54 , and andy wasinger , 46 , were on their second day into a trip from belize to the honduran island of roatan . they were learning to sail on a 17-meter-long hired boat with a captain when they were attacked . the couple and captain made sos messages with branches along a park trail , which was discovered by hikers four days later .
leon yeaman , 55 , was allegedly killed by a single punch in the head from 28-year-old shift worker phillip pama , 28 , during a row in front of their north brisbane homes . mr yeaman was reportedly in his yard on muller road making a lot of noise at around 9pm thursday night . the father of three allegedly killed his neighbour with one punch after he refused to turn his music down .
lisa mcelroy , a 50-year-old drexel professor , appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my meredith vieira . like her apparent march 31 email mishap , her game show appearance ended with a very public mistake . she walked away with around $ 5,000 .
police in surrey are hunting two raiders who stripped off their tops . the bare-chested men had stripped off before raiding a petrol station . the men forced their way into the manager 's office of the filling station . they were ransacking the room , looking for cash , when they were disturbed .
the boy , known only as hanghang , was using the old handset as an alarm when he woke up early for school and started to play with it . he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his face , exposing part of his jawbone and embedding fragments in his arms and legs .
a monster crocodile has been caught devouring a one metre long lizard in one bite at a river in northern territory . fishing guide carol gleeson watched as the hungry fresh water crocodile swallowed the water monitor whole . ms gleeson said she has never witnessed anything like this before despite living near a croc infested location .
randuel , a former white house chief of staff notorious for his brusque management style , was forced to campaign furiously across the city to beat cook county commissioner garcia . the mayoral runoff was the first since the city changed the way it conducts elections about 20 years ago . the 55-year-old mayor ascended the stage at plumbers local 130 union hall tuesday night to the sounds of u2 's beautiful day .
a man whose car smashed into a geelong house was allegedly attacked by a man who was inside the home at the time of the crash . the four-month-old girl was airlifted to the royal children 's hospital in melbourne where she remains in an induced coma . the driver , a 20-year-old grovedale man , is under police guard in geelong hospital and is yet to be questioned .
dr. frederic brandt killed himself on easter sunday , weeks after the launch of the unbreakable kimmy schmidt on netflix . friends admit brandt identified the resemblance - but most claim he jovially pointed it out and laughed . another friend , hair colorist kyle white , told the new york times his reaction was a front .
pope francis has accepted the resignation of bishop robert finn . finn pleaded guilty to failing to report a suspected priestly child abuser . he was sentenced to 50 years in prison after pleading guilty to child pornography charges . children 's rights advocates are urging pope to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals .
marc and shanon parker have built a fantastic fleet of movie-inspired vehicles . among their wonders on wheels are lifelike versions of batman 's tumbler from the dark knight film trilogy . the brothers have even made an optimus prime truck , based on the most recent transformers movie .
residents in the small country hamlet of cledford , near middlewich in cheshire had vehemently opposed the plans saying travellers could ` intimidate ' nearby pensioners . but yesterday ches east council gave the proposal the go ahead at a planning meeting , which will create a ` transit site ' with room for nine gipsy families .
hundreds of thousands of jews , gypsies , homosexuals , nazi opponents and the disabled sent to an inhuman death by adolf hitler . shortly after the camp was liberated by british and canadian troops in 1945 , it was torched , and at least part of that suffering was destroyed forever .
rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , was due to undergo the surgery after her weight reached 430lbs . but durring the prep her doctor discovered she had cancer . but it was during the procedure her doctor was concerned at signs of inflammation and took a biopsy to sample . sandridge was then told cancer had been found in her stomach .
kim kardashian and husband kanye arrived in jerusalem on monday for the baptism of their daughter , north west . archbishop aris shirvanian , an armenian church official , said the family had arrived for a baptism ceremony . the family were escorted out of the church by a priest .
farmers in country australia are renting their empty properties for $ 1 a week in an attempt to attract young families from the big smoke . residents of rural towns like cumnock , errowanbang and molong in nsw and wicheproof in victoria hope the bargain rentals will entice families with young children who can help populate their schools . the local bus run and keep businesses open .
five firefighters and one 's girlfriend were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges . fire chief gavin satterfield , 31 , and assistant fire chief william ` billy ' getzendaner , 34 , were suspended by the department 's oversight board . the victim came forward in march to report the alleged attack , which he claims took place in january .
aimee west , 24 , is said to be in a relationship with major paul draper . just two years after fusilier rigby was hacked to death in woolwich . said to have formed a close bond with major , who was a mourner at her fiance 's funeral .
the finding was unveiled in a cbs news report by susan spencer on one such company that manufactures them . keurig green mountain 's single-serve capsules in 2014 hit over $ 3 billion in us sales . prices vary , but 24-counts of coffee capsules - often simply referred to as k-cups - usually have list prices between $ 15.49 and $ 17.99 .
piper kulk , 8 , and his sister daniel , 12 , were both killed in the head-on crash on the nsw central coast . their grandmother helen boddy , 54 , aqua-planed and swerved into the path of an oncoming ute . tributes have poured in for two siblings killed on their way home from the royal easter show in sydney .
pm will tell voters that new powers for the scottish parliament mean it ` can now have a big impact on your job , your income , and investment in your area ' . mr cameron will call the idea the ` carlisle principle ' -- named to reflect the sort of border communities in the rest of the uk .
agnese klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from celebrity puerto banus haunt aqwa mist on september 6 last year . older sister gunta fought back tears as she described her sister as ` very beautiful ' and spoke of her despair at the lack of news .
ukip leader nigel farage visited airedale hospital maternity ward in keighley , yorkshire , on saturday . conservative mps were told at the start of the campaign to pose for ` selfies ' as often as possible , to increase the party 's exposure on social media websites . this week , clegg and farage were spotted posing with fans on the streets of maidstone , kent , and south ockendon , essex .
mercedes-benz fashion week australia got off to a very dramatic start in sydney on sunday night . designer kym ellery made a very public complaint about the music . the local man was pictured covering his ears , wagging his finger , and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway .
a game of thrones ` super-fan ' had a fully functional toilet built for him . while the throne on the show was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath at the order of aegon the conqueror . the loo version was made using plywood by a team of top hollywood prop makers for youtube show super fan builds .
andrew o'clee , 36 , led a double life , duping his first wife , michelle , 39 , into believing he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a ` safe house ' . the post led her to photos of his second wedding , which she then reported to police . michelle is currently seeking a divorce from the romancing finance manager .
the will of princess diana is among 41 million available to order at the click of a button . those of winston churchill and george orwell can also be seen . in her will , diana 's butler paul burrell was bequeathed the sum of # 50,000 , free of inheritance tax .
durbles on the road will be lifted from their current place and cut in half before being relaid again . the history of the area dates back to the 19th century when bristol floating harbour was built . the council tested the technique on a small patch of paving and said the reaction had been ` overwhelmingly ' in support for the scheme from cyclists , pedestrians and wheelchair users .
ella dawson , a recent graduate of wesleyan university who resides in new york city , was diagnosed with herpes two years ago . she says she 's been dropping the ` herpes bomb ' about six months after she had her first outbreak . his words hit a sore spot for her and she felt compelled to share her sexual health status .
the post office asked forensic accountants second sight to investigate the horizon it system in 2012 . complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft , fraud and false accounting when cash shortfalls were discovered . it also accused the post office of failing ` in many cases ' to identify ` the root cause of shortfalls ' before starting civil or criminal proceedings .
zeke celello , 67 , appears to be around two years old , was overcome with emotion when hillary clinton declared her second presidential bid . he eventually concedes that playtime is not the top priority of a commander-in-chief , but is still adamant that he is up to the task .
a 29-year-old man was admitted to bundaberg hospital suffering from fractures , head injuries and burns on saturday . the victim was taken to hospital on march 28 with burns to 15 per cent of his body . police claim that the offences took place between march 20 to march 27 . the man claimed to be suffering from amnesia .
iranian supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei demanded that all sanctions on iran be lifted at the same time as any final agreement with world powers on curbing tehran 's nuclear program is reached . in remarks apparently meant to keep hardline loyalists in line , he warned about ` deceptive ' intentions of the united states .
ashley mote , 79 , of binsted , hampshire , is accused of a string of fraud-related offences . he denies 11 offences alleged to have taken place between november 2004 and july 2010 . some of the money he allegedly made from the fraud went towards funding various legal costs he had built up .
eight-year-old mumia abu-jamal shot philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner in cold blood in 1981 . he was taken to hospital on april 2 after collapsing in the bathroom of the state correctional institution at mahanoy . this week he was delivered two batches of letters from a third grade class in orange , new jersey and another from high school students in the philadelphia student union .
former florida state university student erica kinsman filed a civil lawsuit against top nfl prospect jameis winston . winston has denied the allegations and prosecutors declined to file charges against him in late 2013 . he also was cleared by the university following a two-day student conduct hearing last year .
researchers at stanford university examined the reaction of secondary and primary school teachers in the united states to student race . they found that the teachers were more likely to view youngsters who they thought were black as troublemakers than those they were white . the researchers say this may go someway towards explaining why black children are often disciplined more at schools compared to other pupils .
albertville , alabama high school junior was proud to be escorted by her grandfather to the annual end-of-year dance this weekend . drain dropped out of school after the eighth grade and then enlisted in the navy in 1951 at age 17 - just in time to be shipped off to serve in the korean war . ' i think prom is kind of a big thing for everybody . most everybody remembers going to their prom and i wanted him to have that experience too , ' joy told daily mail
dominique granier sparked outrage after he suggested putting on a service for people travelling from a roma encampment next to a cemetery into the centre of montpellier , in the south of france . but the bus company tam has taken his comments seriously and is said to have ` outsourced ' part of the route .
brucen mathieson filmed her pet boston terrier , gizmo , performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties . footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air . he then proceeds to walk forwards , performing some graceful sidesteps as he goes .
eric lee gates and his adult daughter , chalena mae moody , had asked the appeals court to overturn a decision for the baby to be put in foster care . the baby boy was taken away just four days after he was born in oregon . moody was sentenced to 10 days in jail on the incest charge , but got credit for time already served .
ukip leader nigel farage said audience was prejudiced , ` even by the left-wing standards of the bbc ' . bbc initially refused to disclose the political make-up of the audience . about 58 backed left-leaning parties -- labour , the lib dems , snp , plaid cymru or the snp .
firefighters were called to meadowbank in sydney 's west about 11pm on wednesday with reports a man was trapped in a drain . firefighters , paramedics and police extracted the man from the hole using ropes and ladders due to injuries he sustained to his shoulder and leg . due to the size of the man it took 15 firefighters , ambulance and the police to get him out of the drain .
girl is shown sitting on a ridge in her bright pink jumper and trainers . she chats away to a man behind the camera , telling him she is ` shooting at daesh ' in kurdish . however , it is unclear exactly what the girl is shooting at in the minute-long video . video was posted in january but has only recently emerged on social networks .
pups came from as far away as new jersey and tennessee in hopes of landing a new nickname : ` beautiful bulldog ' . tank , a 2-year-old bulldog from des moines named tank , won the 36th annual drake university contest sunday . he will appear before more than 16,000 fans -- or , royal subjects -- at the university 's drake relays to be honored as mascot of the event .
each year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia - some hours away from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages . groups such as california-based wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time .
residents from the island of kudahuvadhoo in the maldives reported witnessing ' a low-flying jumbo jet ' on the morning of march 8 last year . the reports come as acoustic scientists from curtin university refuse to rule out the possibility that ` distinctive ' data they recorded from the area may have come from the impact of the crash .
michael shepard , 35 , conned parents into letting him babysit their kids and was frequently seen riding around the neighborhood with children on his scooter . when asked about the sex offender notification he gave to his neighbors , he claimed that he had been in prison for a ` romeo and juliet romance ' with a preacher 's daughter . he is accused of horrific sexual attacks on seven children , both boys and girls .
kat lee 's desperate plea on facebook has gone viral . she appealed for witnesses to come forward following her son 's surgery for his broken jaw in two places and a fractured cheekbone . a group of five , including four teenagers and an adult , attacked her son over money owed for a hot dog .
shaun ingram booked his ford focus st in for a major service and mot at halfords autocentre in plymouth last month . but when he went to collect his car , he was shocked to discover that a mechanic had taken it for a spin . mr ingram said that his camera recorded almost seven hours of footage , which included the mechanic swearing and boasting about test-driving the car .
more than 1.4 million people were forced to wait longer than the target time . 113,648 waited longer than four-hours on trolleys in a&e and 983 over 12 hours . nhs england figures show 92 per cent of patients spent less than four hours in the week ending march 29 .
julie creffield was training for a marathon when she was a size 18 . her doctor told her she was too big to contemplate running 26.2 miles . she completed a marathon in 2012 and has done numerous races . now through her website , she 's encouraging other women to take up the sport .
queen margrethe was joined for the balcony appearance by her son and heir , crown prince frederik , 46 , his wife crown princess mary , 43 , and their four children . waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures , among them sweden 's and norway 's .
yingying dou ran the mymaster website which charged up to $ 1000 per assignment and was used by hundreds of students across 12 nsw universities . the university of sydney was provided with evidence that its students had ordered 40 assignments from the website . but internal emails show just five students have been found guilty of cheating .
royal china club , on baker street , central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup . charity bite-back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after jason chan boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth . charity workers say that restaurants are either disguising the soup on their menus as ` fish fin soup ' .
peter mutty , from roseberry in sydney 's inner-west , was caught with two cartons of beer , one box of white wine in his car on august 31 last year . the 57-year-old was sent to thoqba prison in the al khobar eastern province on october 19 and was released on march 19 . mutty has been unable to leave saudi arabia or work as he has been banned from travelling out of the country without any
jeff richmond , an executive producer and the music composer on his wife 's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt , described the death of fredric brandt , 65 . it came as sources close to brandt said the doctor , who suffered from depression , told people magazine he was ` definitely hurt ' . brandt was found hanged in the garage of his miami mansion on sunday morning .
dale and debra krein of rogue river filed a suit in 2012 against their neighbors and their giant tibetan mastiffs . the kreins claimed their lives have been plagued by the noise since the defendants , john updegraff and karen szewc , started breeding dogs in 2002 . finally , after three years of proceedings , a jury has ruled in favor of the disgruntled oregonians , ordering for the canines to be debarked within 60 days .
emily thornberry has come out against david cameron 's pledge to extend the right to buy policy from council tenants to those in housing association homes . but eight years ago she and her husband bought a housing association property now worth almost # 1million . housing association chiefs have also been accused of hypocrisy for drawing huge salaries and living in mansions .
harold wilson secretly lobbied the bbc to change the time of steptoe and son on the night of the 1964 election because he feared working class voters would stay at home . mr wilson was leader of the opposition and was seeking to oust the conservative prime minister alec douglas home .
izzat ibrahim al-douri was vice chairman of the iraqi revolutionary command council , until the 2003 us-led invasion of iraq . he was one of saddam 's most trusted henchmen , helping to lead his 1968 bloodless coup . his dead body was pictured on social media today with his teeth missing .
emmanuel sithole fled to south africa in the hope of a better life . he was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day . his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his pocket .
wonga 's revenues fell by nearly # 100million last year to a total of # 217.2 million . now chairman andy haste says that the company might ditch its controversial brand in a bid to repair the company 's reputation . he said that all credit providers have to ` put their customers first and lend responsibly ' .
researchers at the riken research institute in tokyo have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss . it would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in earth orbit . the system would have a range of 62 miles -lrb- 100km -rrb- and could target things less than 0.4 inches -rsb- in size . the paper was published in acta astronautica . their system would use the extreme universe space observatory 's -lrb
almost a third of people aged 16-to-34 have deleted their accounts . trend comes as increasing numbers of older users turn to the social network to stay in touch and share family pictures . facebook has even started running television adverts to entice the so-called ` silver surfers ' to join .
only 15 per cent of people at university now say they plan to vote green . after a series of faltering media performances , the proportion of students who dislike her has doubled since september to 24 per cent . nick clegg reneging on his promise to scrap tuition fees saw his supporters desert him in their droves .
bobby brown was performing at the verizon theatre in dallas on saturday night when he told the stunned audience that ` bobbi is awake ' . the singer did n't elaborate on if his daughter had regained consciousness or if he was talking instead about her spirit . his sister tina posted on facebook , ' -lsb- bobbi -rsb- woke up and is no longer on life support !! thanks for your prayers , still a process , but she is going to be ok .
prime minister will unveil analysis to show labour and the snp are ` really on the same side ' and want ` more borrowing , more debt and more taxes ' . mr cameron will show that , since mr miliband became labour leader , snp has trooped through the lobbies with his mps in 91.5 per cent of commons divisions .
joel burger , 24 , and ashley king , 23 , from new berlin , illinois , went through high school together but did n't start dating until they were about to part ways for college . they were in fifth grade when a motivational speaker visited their school and noticed how well their names worked together .
richie benaud has passed away after a battle with skin cancer . the 84-year-old turned cricket commentating into an art form . his sayings from the hundreds of test and one day cricket matches were often what fans remembered from important moments . his signature one liners soon dropped to a simple word .
britain is likely to face a second election shortly after may 7 because of a knife-edge outcome , political experts have warned . other experts warned that a ` messy and unstable ' left-wing alliance was likely to be in power even if the conservatives won more seats or a greater share of the vote .
wend4life is being run by public health england to help address the country 's obesity crisis . its apricot bread pudding has slightly more sugar than a snickers bar , which has 27g . two other dishes , banana and sultana bread and butter pudding , contain 25g per serving .
jannik andersen , 23 , was hit by the train in the 45000 block of pacific street in indio , four miles north-east of coachella 's grounds , police said on monday . he was pronounced dead less than 40 minutes later . police have launched an investigation into the incident .
kendall and baylee were born with very different skin tones . father curtis martin , 28 , is white , while mr curtis , 24 , is half jamaican . their twins ' skin contrast is possible because the girls are non-identical . this means they have inherited different genes from their parents .
crash investigators have released a photo that reveals the aftermath of a plane 's landing at east midlands airport . it happened as the plane delivered 10 tonnes of freight , including dangerous goods , on an air contractors flight that originated in athens . the plane suffered significant damage to its left wing and engine .
italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year . he will live inside a contained ball , with no means to escape for 12 months . the capsule will be 10ft -lrb- three metres -rrb- wide and could fit 10 people . mr bellini is seeking funding for his project , called adrift , which he hopes to begin in november 2016 .
former staff sgt. charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , lost his right leg and several fingers in an explosion in afghanistan in april . he is using a specially designed metal foot outfitted with a climbing boot and another one with crampons in his quest to conquer the 8,850-meter -lrb- 29,035-foot -rrb- summit next month .
labour 's ed miliband , snp 's nicola sturgeon , ukip 's nigel farage , green 's natalie bennett and plaid cymru 's leanne wood were left in the dark . analysis of what brits were searching for during last night 's tv debate reveals viewers wanted to know why david cameron was a no-show .
more than 300,000 people had to be evacuated after three of fukushima 's six reactors blew up following the 2011 nuclear disaster . a second robot mission scheduled for monday was postponed as engineers investigated the cause of the malfunction . the tokyo electric power company admitted the robot had only completed two-thirds of friday 's planned mission before it failed .
diheed ahmed , 21 , accused of trying to sneak into syria with eight relatives . arrested at birmingham airport , two women and two men aged between 22 and 47 held at manchester airport . waheed , from rochdale , greater manchester , and eight of his relatives , released without charge .
more than 20 other states have such lists . but , the one included by the republican-dominated kansas legislature in a bill that gop gov. sam brownback planned to sign thursday appears to be the most exhaustive . the taxpayer-funded temporary assistance for needy families program currently provides cash payments of up to $ 497 per month for a family of four . to qualify that family must have an annual household income below $ 31,525 - before taxes - and assets valued at less than $
the 34-year-old reality star 's 352-page collection of selfies wo n't be available to the masses until may . gilt.com offered fans a special pre-sale of copies on thursday afternoon . in celebration of the book 's phenomenally successful sale , kim took to twitter to thank her fans for their support .
police charged 34-year-old paul johnson-yarosevich of acton , maine , on monday with prohibited use of computer . the investigation started in december after the father of a pre-teen girl told police about the contact . authorities soon learned that the girl was sending the photos to a grown man .
carlos boente , 33 , was serving time at hmp birmingham for harassment type offences when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in november 2013 . after getting her number from a cellmate , the prisoner originally asked her to change his facebook password as a favour . he bombarded the teen with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family .
danielle davies gave birth to harley at nearly 12lb following eight hour labour . newborn harley from morecambe , lancs , weighs 11lb 5oz . shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice . danielle 's pregnancy bump was larger than with her first child .
oratilwe hlongwane , whose dj name is aj , is still learning to put together words . his capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear him . his recent performance at a shopping mall in his home of johannesburg gathered a large crowd as he bopped his head to the beat .
former deputy pm said he can not see a problem with the future king . lord prescott said that the prince of wales has a lot to offer the country . the letters were penned between september 2004 and march 2005 . he said that while he listens to the views of everyone who contacts him on political matters , he makes his own decisions .
michelle , 27 , is the face of garnier ambre solaire no streaks bronzer self tan range . her new range is full of colourful print playsuits , cool crochet and lots of sophisticated lace . michelle has been chanelling her passion for fashion into lipsy ranges for several seasons .
a 62-mile -lrb- 100km -rrb- trek through the thai jungle , me-bai , was sold to provide rides for tourists in thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old . the small elephant left the tourism trade ` because she was too young -lsb- and -rsb- began to lose weight and could not carry the tourists any longer ' . it is particularly sad because females tend to stick together in herds until they die
figures revealed thousands more people had contacted police with allegations of abuse since 2011 , with nearly 9,000 reports filed in 2014 . number of arrests fell by nine per cent , prompting critics to accuse government of failing victims of abuse . shadow home secretary yvette cooper described the ratio of reported crimes to arrests as a ` national scandal ' .
caron wyn jones underwent hip operation at a private clinic in bridgend . he paid because the welsh nhs could not perform the operation soon enough . mr miliband unveiled his general election manifesto for the nhs . it was embarrassing for carwyn jones , also welsh labour leader .
angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day . the comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor . he then stops to look at the camera before starting his bouncing stunt again .
the work at the dome of the rock was meant to replace carpet , worn away by thousands of pilgrims at the gold-topped shrine , which overlooks old jerusalem . when the old carpet was lifted , it revealed previously undocumented ancient floor designs - which could point to where the ark of the covenant was buried .
shayanna jenkins , 25 , sobbed and hugged the killer 's mom in the massachusetts court on wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder . the once-close sisters , who shared an apartment in their native bristol , connecticut , have not spoken since it became clear that hernandez had a role in lloyd 's brutal death . shayanna 's sister , shaneah , 23 , the girlfriend of victim odin
patricia ebel , 49 , was driving her 10-year-old grandson home after a day at the pool when she crashed her black bmw into a car that was stopped at an intersection in naples , florida . ebel was captured on video staggering as she failed all field-sobriety-tests . she also refused to take a breathalyzer test .
rhodri giggs was found guilty of driving a mercedes without insurance . the 37-year-old was forced to hand over his licence having already accrued six points from two previous speeding offences . giggs , of salford , said the offence on october 14 last year ` was n't intentional ' .
faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still ` high ' from the procedure 's anesthesia . footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat , with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread . she declares that she will ` bring out a shotgun ' if any boys come into her yard .
lynne abraham , 74 , collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's hour-long debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia . mayoral candidate nelson diaz quickly came to abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness . abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident wo n't impact her campaign .
elijah overcomer , 26 , left gloriavale , a town of about 500 on new zealand 's west coast , with his wife , rosanna , 29 , and their children in late march 2013 . shortly following their departure , the family watched the 2004 psychological thriller the village , by m. night shyamalan .
robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans . his lawyers say he wants to go to los angeles as soon as possible to face a murder charge there . a grand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug : 5 ounces of marijuana .
linda hogan purchased the 23.63-acre property for $ 3.5 million a year after she divorced the wwe hall of famer in 2009 . called villa di montagna , the compound encompasses a hilltop near the 16th and 17th tees at the gated wood ranch golf & country club community . after buying the property , linda threw herself into remodeling the 6,300 sq ft house by adding stone walls , stone fireplaces , carved wood details and coff
hillary clinton 's presidential campaign will center on boosting economic security for the middle class and expanding opportunities for working families . the senior advisers provided the first preview of the message clinton planned to convey when she launches her long-anticipated campaign on sunday . clinton also intends to sell herself as being able to work with congress , businesses and world leaders .
alex impey is a father-of-two , who says he is selling marijuana to help those suffering from serious illness . her parents make no apologies for turning to marijuana . some cancer sufferers can use up to a gram each day as treatment with costs of the oil between $ 80 to $ 150 per gram .
the hackers reportedly accessed president obama 's non-public schedule , which is considered highly sensitive information that is sought after by foreign intelligence agencies . in october 2014 , the white house acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office . according to federal officials involved in the probe , the hackers uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of russian president vladimir putin 's government .
marathon season is in full swing with the london marathon set to take place a week on sunday . the long distance runners will inspire many to take up running and as the evening gets lighter and the weather gets warmer . but trainers can be costly - proved by the latest adidas boost shoes that have gone on sale for # 130 .
on sunday director gareth edwards revealed a glimpse of the first star wars spin-off rogue one at the stars wars celebration in anaheim , california . the iconic franchise 's twitter account posted a capsule of the storyline , saying : ' a band of resistance fighters unite for a daring mission to steal the death star plans ' .
the duke of wellington 's forces defeated and killed tipu sultan in 1799 . troops plundered the city and the palace , returning to britain with gold , jewellery , clothing and even tipu 's grand throne . experts expect them to fetch a total of around # 1million .
the pair , in their 30s , were convicted of noise pollution and harassment . neighbours described the wails of passion as ` deafening ' . they said it kept them and their two children awake . the couple appealed the sentence and have now been ordered to pay # 7,000 in damages to their neighbours who now live elsewhere .
ufo researcher scott waring says he has spotted an extra-terrestrial spacecraft in a 55-year-old photo from nasa 's mercury project . the image was taken as part of project mercury , which was the us ' first mission to put men in space . many scientists believe ufo sightings such as this are down to a psychological phenomenon called pareidolia .
melanie buck is said to have become frustrated because the food aisles in marks & spencer were gridlocked by christmas shoppers . when she could not get past michael buckley she exchanged heated words with him before knocking him over with her trolley . mr buckley suffered from diabetes and weighed only 8st .
the 4th district court of appeal in san diego upheld a lower court ruling that tossed out a family 's lawsuit trying to block the encinitas union school district from teaching yoga . the lawsuit brought by stephen and jennifer sedlock and their two children claimed the school district 's yoga classes promoted hinduism . the first amendment bans school-sponsored religious promotion and prayer .
police investigating alleged murder of imam abdul hadi arwani . father of six was found dead in his black volkswagen passat on april 7 . leslie cooper , 36 , appeared at the old bailey on thursday . he was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder and the commission , preparation and instigation of acts of terrorism .
sisters sophie morgan , 21 , and sheree , 25 , agreed to let their bank accounts be used to accept thousands of pounds in stolen money . the victims were conned out of over # 36,000 over the telephone by a fraudster posing as a policeman . the couple , a man aged 86 , and his 84-year old wife from cardiff in south wales , were contacted by a man pretending to be a metropolitan police detective .
jemma peacock , 31 , suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer . she is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life . the third and most effective drug costs the nhs around # 1,000 a week . mother-of-two says she can not afford to buy regorafenib privately .
pet cats are springing up across northern vietnam despite laws against eating the animals . at one restaurant an hour 's drive from the capital hanoi , the owner told mailonline demand is so high he 'd slaughtered 31 cats already that day just to keep up . animal welfare groups claim the animals are transported in appalling conditions across large distances before being skinned alive .
violet pietrok was born with frontonasal dysplasia , a malformation of the face and head that is developed in the womb . the condition caused a widening of violet 's facial features , specifically with her nose , which had no cartilage , and the space between her eyes . she also had a large central cleft in her face and a growth over her left eye .
the no man 's fort , a victorian sea fort in the middle of the solent , is set to open on april 23 . the unique hotel looks like could be a fortress of a james bond villain and can sleep 44 guests with a capacity of 200 for parties and events . the sea fort is located 2km out at sea , meaning guests have to make an exciting entrance by helicopter or by boat .
researchers behind the gallup-healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low . when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14per cent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18per cent in the third quarter of 2013 . but marking a shift in the trend , for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9 per cent . whether the new findings turn out to be a high-water mark for president barack ob
british ` stiff upper lip ' makes them reluctant to admit when they need help . as many as three-quarters of parents whose children are over 18 still have at least one child living with them . only 42 per cent charge their children rent -- with many admitting they feel too guilty and uncomfortable to ask .
a number of online retailers stock the offending garments . feature phrases such as ' i heart my stalker ' and ` some people call it stalking ' . according to the slt , the t-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women , and play into people 's fear of being laughed at .
more than 160 melon-headed whales washed onto two beaches in japan . they were found washed up along a 6-mile -lrb- 10km -rrb- stretch of the pacific coast . officials are still investigating the cause of the strandings . they triggered rumours on social media of an impending earthquake .
jeremy trentelman , 36 , of ogden , utah , built a giant box fort for his son max and two-year-old daughter story , that included trap doors and a small slide . the father , who works as a florist arranging intricate displays , was greeted with a letter from code enforcement city officials one day later saying that his creation must be scrapped .
britney e. montenegro , 20 , was charged with disorderly conduct in orlando , florida , early saturday after getting involved in a fight . the fight broke out about 2.40 am saturday at east pine street and south court avenue in downtown orlando . police say the fight involved ` multiple individuals ' .
the average australian sheds the equivalent of a 50 gram packet of chips every week in dry skin , feeding an army of dust mites into our couches and beds . the odd shaped critters increase two to three fold during late autumn to winter leading thousands of australians to suffer from common cold or flu-like symptoms .
tony degrafreed , of indianapolis , indiana , has been charged with murder . he allegedly beat to death wife rebecca , 47 , at their home on july 20 , 2014 . prosecutors say he should die in prison for the alleged brutal murder . the couple had originally met as teenagers .
ed miliband will pledge to cut deficit every year if labour wins the election . he will insist a labour government would ` cut the deficit as soon as possible ' . labour 's manifesto contains a commitment on its first page to a ` budget responsibility lock ' . polls show labour lags far behind the conservatives in trust on managing the public finances .
scientists have found vast deep water gas hydrates in the arctic . reservoirs are secure , and scientists do n't believe they will impact climate change . instead , they say similar formations could someday be used to store methane , that can later be used as fuel . one reservoir was recently discovered on the ultraslow spreading knipovich ridge .
martina levato and her boyfriend alexander boettcher planned to ` purge ' her previous relationships , a milan court heard . the 23-year-old also tried to castrate a man 's genitals while in his car . the couple was detained on suspicion of throwing acid on the face .
gavin munro grows young trees into specially-designed plastic moulds , pruning and guiding the branches into shape . he 's currently tending a crop of 400 tables , chairs and lampshades which he hopes to harvest next year . the 39-year-old believes the technique could one day be used to create sustainable and ecologically-sound furniture .
the group are linked to the occupy london movement that caused chaos in london when they set up camp outside st paul 's cathedral in 2011 . last thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month .
workers underneath the six-storey structure fled for their lives after the fifth , fourth and third floors crashed down on to the rest of the building . terrifying incident is just yards from where an underground cable fire ripped through holborn on april 1 bringing parts of central london to a standstill . staff at both lse and the royal courts of justice were also evacuated on that occasion and at this stage it is unknown whether the two incidents are related .
rochelle coulson put on 13 stone in four years by eating through ` boredom ' . the 21-year-old has not worked for five years because she would be a ` danger ' . pressure group the taxpayers ' alliance has warned that the benefit system should not become a ` comfort blanket ' and that people should ` get themselves in shape ' to work .
michelle woods , from teesside , was told by her daughter elisha mann that ` something was moving ' in the bath . when the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there , that 's when they came face to face with the reptile . mrs woods , a full-time mother , believes it may belong to the property 's previous tenant .
lisa webb was shocked to find rôti de boeuf and cordon bleu de dinde on the menu for toddlers - dishes she was used to eating in fancy restaurants with her husband . when offered the chance to sit in on her eldest daughter 's lunch breaks for one week , she witnessed tots using ` grown-up knives and forks ' .
britain 's good morning britain presenter susanna reid , 44 , shared her first unfiltered selfie in aid of the #selfieesteem campaign . women take an average of six selfies before posting one online and men take four , such is the pressure to look their very best on social media .
gianni van , 45 , is accused of the 1995 murder of f gonzalo ramirez , whose blindfolded , bloodied body was found on the side of an irvine , california road . prosecutors said van was enraged after his ex-girlfriend norma patricia esparza told him ramirez had raped her and he must be held responsible for the attack . she 's expected to testify thursday .
the unnamed man was gored during a bullrunning celebration in teulada , a small coastal town on spain 's costa blanca . despite his desperate efforts to climb back up , the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns . he was unable to make it before the horn hit him square between the legs .
a national driving survey analysed the travel habits of 3700 australian families which revealed four in five families use technology to deal with bored children . almost 20 per cent of nsw families use a more extreme technique , admitting they have used sedatives like the antihistamine phenergan to knock their kids out so their journey will be more pleasant . the medical community claim the sedative should not be used on children younger than two years old as side effects like respiratory depression can be fatal .
volvo teamed up with a swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray . the paint contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car 's headlights , alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark . it washes off but can last for days on ebay for # 45 -lrb- $ 66 -rrb- at the time of writing .
a family on new york 's long island tried to keep a snowman alive for as long as possible , but the frosty melted this weekend when 70-degree temperatures hit the area . mike fregoe of massapequa park says he and his family built the snowman in january when it grew to be more than 9-feet tall .
the 42-year-old mother-of-two , who founded popular lifestyle wesbite goop , posted a picture of her $ 29 grocery shop on her twitter account yesterday afternoon . ` this is what $ 29 gets you at the grocery store - what families on snap -lrb- i.e. food stamps -rrb- have to live on for a week , ' she wrote alongside the image .
the husky called sky , a brown and white springer spaniel called marshall , take their positions on their make-shift stage . getting the tune underway , sadie begins barking and then rests her muzzle on sky 's ear as if whispering something -- sky reacts by playfully mouthing in her direction .
marion ` suge ' knight will stand trial on murder and attempted-murder charges following a hit-and-run . the former rap music mogul struck two men with his pickup truck in january , killing one and seriously injuring the other . the judge also reduced bail from $ 25 million to $ 10 million .
university of manchester researchers have revealed an hd dark matter map -lrb- hd -rrb- . it shows clumps of mystery particles across 0.4 per cent of the sky . the goal is to eventually map 12.5 per cent over five years . red here shows more dark matter , and blue shows less . the moon is shown top left for scale . and the map was released today at the april meeting of the american physical society in baltimore ,
the rich kids of instagram continued their lifelong adventure across the world 's most beautiful locations , exclusive beach-side restaurants and star-studded parties . your average package holiday wo n't do for these youngsters who travel by private jet , sleep in presidential suites , wake up to scrambled eggs .
the pilot and passengers in first class heard screaming and banging from beneath the aircraft . the airline said in a news release the captain immediately returned to seattle-tacoma international and declared an emergency for priority landing . the cargo hold where the handler was trapped is temperature controlled and pressurized , so he was not in danger of freezing or running out of oxygen .
international monetary fund predicts the uk economy will grow by 2.7 per cent this year and 2.3 per cent in 2016 , beaten only by the united states . comes as tories were buoyed by the news that inflation remains at zero per cent , with food and fuel prices down sharply year on year .
chancellor ducked questions about exactly how the massive cash boost would be paid for . he said it would come from the conservatives ' ` balanced plan ' for the economy . but mr osborne declined to go into further detail during tense exchanges with the bbc 's andrew marr show .
charlotte carr and helen padarin said they are ` confident ' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings . the cookbook was supposed to be released last month before being cancelled by pan macmillan over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth .
craig stoner , 24 , darren smalley , 35 , joshua finbow , 23 , and simon radford , 31 , were each charged with one count of sexual assault . the alleged attack is said to have taken place during a party at the military barracks where canada 's atlantic fleet are based .
david atherton , 65 , was just about to put his meal in the cooker . he caught sight of the black and white california king hiding inside . rspca officers came to collect the snake the same evening . it has been given a temporary home with a local conservationist .
sharmeena begum , 15 , was raised by her uncle shamim miah , a devout muslim and former religious scholar . he encouraged her to pray each dawn before classes at bethnal green academy in tower hamlets . he blames the airport authorities , police and her school for letting sharmeena flee the country last december .
judy murray has carved out her own star status after appearing on strictly come dancing last year . she also said she would be a ` very active granny ' and in the same way she coached her sons . the 55-year-old has already plans to get the french open and wimbledon out of the way first .
met office has predicted warmer-than-average temperatures for april , may and june of this year in its long-range forecast . but winds of more than 75mph were recorded in north wales today , and snow was also reported to have fallen on high ground in northern england . met office has a severe wind warning in place until 5pm today for northallerton .
france 's marquis de lafayette crossed the atlantic on the original hermione in 1780 to tell his friend george washington , commander of the american insurgents against british imperial rule . the replica fired its cannons as it sailed up the french river charente on saturday to the military shipyards of rochefort . it will leave towards the united states with several stopovers , including philadelphia , new york and boston .
julie falconer has made a successful second career posting breathtaking landscapes of the pacific northwest . the actress ' social network reads more like a top travel blog than a diary of a hollywood starlet . the travel and lifestyle site , and its respective social networks , highlight some of london 's most well-known monuments and hidden gems .
metropolitan police are assessing footage which appears to show some fans singing a homophobic chant about ashley cole . the video was apparently filmed by a supporter at the green man pub in wembley ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi-final win over reading . the footage has since been deleted from twitter .
the hobart international airport website has been shut down after it was hacked and defaced with a statement supporting the radical islamist group isis . police said they were supporting airport security arrangements and were ` prepared to provide an appropriate response ' . an excerpt of the message read : ' a message to all peoples of the world and especially to governments ' .
paula mckay was told her daughter natasha had suffered brain damage . she was delivered 10 weeks prematurely by c-section , but staff failed to ventilate her properly , which caused severe brain damage and she was diagnosed with severe cerebral palsy and epilepsy . natasha , who is now 24 , will rely on 24-hour care from a team of nurses who help her dress and eat for the rest of her life .
scientists at the hebrew university of jerusalem in israel studied the cephlopods movement . they found that the orientation of the creature 's body and the crawling direction are controlled independently in the brain . the male mollusc won almost a third of votes in a survey set up by the society of biology to identify the strangest animal sex .
islamic extremists drove cars to a mosque in kwajafa in borno state . they told locals they were there to teach islam . once a crowd had gathered around the men , the jihadis opened fire using handguns and assault rifles before setting fire to nearby houses that were filled with unsuspecting families .
experts at the university of california , berkeley , found out why brain waves move memories from the hippocampus to the prefrontal cortex at the front of the brain . if the brain is tired , it affects the memory even for those without dementia . getting a good night 's sleep can be especially difficult for those with alzheimer 's disease who may experience changes to their sleeping patterns .
tania watts is likely to see her at becky 's funeral , as she was stepmother to the 16-year-old . becky , 16 , vanished from her father 's home in crown hill , bristol , on february 19 . police discovered her body parts at a house in bristol on march 2 and charged her stepbrother , nathan matthews , 28 , with murder .
mangu ram , a hindu , was born in an area of punjab province , part of modern-day pakistan but within india 's boundaries before the country became independent in 1947 . hundreds of thousands of families fled across both sides of the border during the conflict which led to the partition of the sub-continent . around one million people were killed in the bloody war between the two countries .
sarah harper was in a relationship with christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down while visiting in the city of duncan in august 2013 . he was born in melbourne , australia , but was in the united states on a baseball scholarship when chancey allen luna allegedly murdered him . lane 's mother donna lane wiped tears from her face when prosecutors showed jurors a photo of the bloody t-shirt her son was wearing .
niamh geaney , 26 , and karen branigan , 29 , are n't the only pair to have found their real-life doppelgängers , either by mistake or after a social media hunt . now three similar british cases have been revealed ; two retired men in london , and two retired in essex .
the four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs . but after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably , shaking and walking into walls he seems to be back to normal . vet nick fisher , 31 , from leintwardine , shropshire , said twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the unidentified substance .
alex gray , 27 , was pictured at a miami dolphins football game . he lost 160lbs from his 354lbs frame over the course of 20 months . the writer admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits , which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day .
lib dem leader told children he was better at languages and art when he was at school . he will use tomorrow 's manifesto launch to promise a ` stronger economy and a fairer society ' . clegg has promised to ` spread the burden ' of deficit reduction , with cuts to benefits and whitehall budgets aimed at the very wealthy .
blair made an appearance at a private fundraising dinner for 15 labour target seats . despite the fact that blair has a record of three general election victories . only one shadow cabinet minister , chuka umunna , could be bothered to attend . the dashing shadow business secretary is being mentored by lord mandelson .
cui hongfang hit the back of her head on a corner of the stone wall . the 38-year-old canadian woman was visiting the great wall of china . police have ruled the tragedy an accident , although they are still investigating the circumstances of the chinese woman 's death .
six-month-old elise , from eaton bray , bedfordshire , was dumped on the side of a busy road outside southampton , emaciated and riddled with worms . he was shivering pitifully in the january chill and clinging to life by a thread . despite what he has endured , rupert is a loving , affectionate soul who likes nothing more than to have the back of his head rubbed .
naomi jacobs was 32 when she woke up believing she was a teenager . the last thing she could remember was falling asleep in her bunk bed . she thought it was 1992 , john major was prime minister and she was about to sit her gcses . mobile phones were still the size of a house brick and her son was a stranger . miss jacoby had transient global amnesia , a form of memory loss brought on by stress .
philippines voiced alarm about chinese ` aggressiveness ' in the area as it launched the balikatan 2015 joint philippines and us military exercises . the aerial images show intense recent chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the spratly archipelago of the flashpoint south china sea .
sarah 's ordeal was played out on tv after she agreed to appear on the jeremy kyle show to undergo a dna test . the 23-year-old mother burst into tears when the presenter revealed phil was not in fact her real father . sarah was told one of three men could be her father .
the christian dior fragrance , eau savage , was the first to use it in 1966 . it has since found its way into other fragrances such as chamade by guerlain , ckone , paco by paco rabane and chanel no. 19 . scientists have revealed how this chemical activates the hypothalamus - an area of the brain responsible for triggering the release of sex hormones in women .
elizabeth jane howard became the second wife of lucky jim novelist kingsley amis in 1965 . the nine lots will go under the hammer at bonhams auction house in london on thursday . among the most striking is a gold roman bracelet made from three gold wires twisted into a spiral design .
nick woodman clinched the title after being granted 4.5 million restricted stock units at the end of the year . it won him the top spot on the annual bloomberg pay index . chenerie energy 's houston-based chief executive charif souki was valued at $ 281 million .
police in argentina are hunting a family-of-six who crammed onto one motorbike before riding through the streets without helmets . a man was pictured holding the handlebars of the bike while three young children straddled the petrol tank in front of him and a woman sat on the seat behind him .
justin smith , 18 , and efrain diaz , 20 , appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of jonathan krueger . the men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young ohio native in the early morning hours friday . smith is also charged with tampering with evidence , reports the lexington herald-leader .
photo was captured in kanagawa prefecture , japan , late last year . reddit user insisted it was ` not photoshopped ' and that paranormal forces could be at work . another conspirator suggested they could be combat boots from the world war ii era -lrb- okinawa japan -rrb- .
melanie and vanessa iris roy decided to each carry a child one year apart . their first child , a son jax , was born followed by their daughter ero . in january 2014 vanessa was pregnant with jax as the couple 's first born plays at their feet on the beach .
the northern indiana pizzeria closed after its owner said his religious beliefs would n't allow him to cater a gay wedding opened thursday to a full house of friends , regulars and people wanting to show their support . the law , which has since been revised , sparked a boycott of indiana . owner kevin o'connor said the amount of money was overwhelming .
barcelona-based booking platform byhours allows users to organise stays of three , six and 12 hours . it has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board . in london , hotels that it has signed up include h10 waterloo , the kingsway hall hotel , yotel heathrow and gatwick .
john helinski , 62 , spent three years living in a cardboard box on the streets of tampa bay . but when a cop and his case manger looked into his past , they found a previously lost bank account with money and enough social security benefits to buy his own house . he then tried to apply for a place at a homeless shelter , but struggled because all of his personal identification had been stolen .
philip cattan , 65 , fell asleep during rape trial of john quingley at manchester crown court last summer . he was seen to fall asleep while a child abuse victim gave evidence . judge was confronted with claim that he had slept through part of the cross-examination of the witness , who was giving evidence via videolink because of her age .
alice dreger took to twitter to express her horror at what she heard at east lansing high school , in michigan . stories included people who lost all their friends when they became pregnant , people who fell into comas for 11 years after taking drugs and high school dropouts .
michelle knight appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday . she said her healing process has been ` to overcome and flourish and rise above all that ' . ' i do n't want my heart to be chained to the situations that i went through , ' she told the crowd of 1,200 people .
canadian duo mitchell moffit and greg brown present an online science show , several theories suggest that where you are in your family determines who you are . the pair discuss how being the first , middle , youngest , or an only child affects us . they also have a stronger sense of responsibility and are generally more mature .
a cloud formation resembling the wi-fi symbol appeared recently in the sky of xiangtan city in hunan province . the cloud appeared to perfectly mimick the global symbol for wifi - on his way from to the library around 7pm last friday . chinese internet users have since shared and commented on shi 's photo thousands of times on chinese social media .
kestrel and barn owl attacked each other with sharp talons and beaks . despite the owl 's cuddly reputation , it came out the victor . wildlife photographer robert fuller set up a 13ft-high elm tree stump . cameras were set up as part of an exhibition at mr fuller 's gallery .
study from the university of california , los angeles , looks specifically at whether the condition affects brain development in childhood . about 10,000 women a year in the uk are affected by the debilitating hyperemesis gravidarum -lrb- hg -rrb- - a severe form of morning sickness .
kyli wilfson , now 29 , woke up in excruciating pain in october 2012 ; her illness left her unable to eat anything for a year and a half . she was eventually diagnosed with chronic pancreatitis , a condition that commonly effects heavy drinkers . within months she had dropped to a startling 80lbs , she revealed to cosmopolitan.com , and had to postpone her wedding as she spent more and more time in hospitals . three months after her first visit to the emergency room , she was
asabi barner , 37 , is suing black ink tattoo parlor in harlem , new york city for a chest tattoo that left her disfigured and in pain . barner says she went to the parlor after watching the reality show which features the shop on vh1 . the harlem tattoo star 's owner and artists star in their own reality show , black ink crew , has had three seasons .
veronica ` roni ' gonzalez and her fiance ely alba were returning from their engagement party when they stopped on interstate 30 to help a group in trouble . of the 13 people injured , one later died in hospital from their wounds . veronica and ely 's sister , who has not been identified , were both killed .
jason archinaco 's wife said she wanted to get a fourth cat , it is unlikely that this is quite the addition to the household she imagined . since monday , the family have been sharing their home with arguably los angeles ' most famous mountain lion , p-22 . the cougar , the other name for the species , has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out .
ukip mep diane james praised vladimir putin as a ` very strong leader ' . said he was forced into invading ukraine because of the european union . ukip leader nigel farage sparked a row last year when he hailed russian president as ` brilliant operator ' .
surveys find that men in u.s. special operations forces do not believe women can meet the physical and mental demands of their commando jobs . they also revealed concerns that department leaders would ` capitulate to political pressure , allowing erosion of training standards ' . about 68,800 people serve in the command , including 3,000 civilians .
the filmmakers said they plan to use the latest digital camera technology as they venture from the planet 's ice caps to ocean depths to deserts and remote forest . the show will focus on the earth 's last wilderness areas and the animals living there . the eight-part series will take four years to make and is planned for a 2019 debut for netflix customers internationally .
photographs taken between 1900 and 1911 during the qing dynasty show beijing 's famous landmarks with barely any visitors . the quiet scenes are a far cry from modern-day beijing , which is one of the most populous cities in the world and visited by tens of millions of domestic and international tourists .
more than 37 tons of fish have been collected from rodrigo de freitas lake , rio , but there is still an overwhelming stench coming from the lake . rubbish collectors will continue to rake the decomposing fish , a small silvery species called twaite shad , off the water 's surface until the mass dying subsides .
flakka , which can be injected , snorted , smoked , swallowed or taken with other substances like marijuana , is usually made from the chemical alpha-pvp . the use of flakka a designer drug that can be even stronger than crystal meth or bath salts , is up in florida .
young people in iran are defying the country 's hardline islamic image to create a more westernised society . the photographs show teenagers and people in their early 20s kissing in public , drinking alcohol and living openly gay lifestyles . some of those pictured are even seen wearing clothing adorned with the stars and stripes .
spain and barcelona midfielder andrés iniesta is renting out his vineyard on airbnb . the vineyard stay comes with a guided tour of the area so you can get a real feel for the place . guests can enjoy the fireplace with a glass of wine , relax on the couch or stroll among the vines .
shiba the dog uses his nose and paw to open a sliding glass window . visitors have travelled to the shimada cigarette shop from afar . he may be the most adorable salesman ever , but is often found napping on the job or snacking on a cucumber in a glass display case under the counter .
modelling , acting , fashion design ... is there anything michelle keegan ca n't do ? the star , who started out playing tina mcintyre in coronation street , has managed to fit designing a new fashion range into her hectic schedule . michelle , 27 , is getting set to tie the knot with fiance mark wright .
maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . one of his victims told sydney 's district court on monday that she is scared for her future relationships and did n't understand why she had been targeted . the young woman , who can not be named , said when he abused her as a child she did not know it was wrong .
esa 's rosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67p . the jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface , causing an explosion of material . but so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night , like this .
four-month-old roscoe was caught on camera at the asheville humane society in north carolina taking some of his first steps . footage shows him teetering around on a tiled floor with his bandaged legs making a tapping sound as he goes . thanks to more than $ 3,000 in public donations , the canine was able to have the life-changing operation he needed .
the street art appears to be a dig at a group of clinton supporters who said it would be on the look out for evidence of sexism in reporting about the democratic politician . last month , the new york times ' amy chozick brought attention to the efforts made by the group , which goes by the name of ` hrc super volunteers ' .
archie brown jr , 2 , was shot dead at the scene in milwaukee , wisconsin . a 15-year-old boy was also shot and later died at the hospital . police say no suspects have been brought into custody . the driver 's father identified him as father-of-four archie brown .
more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button since reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day . it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero . users can only click the button once , and when they do they are awarded a colour , known as a ` flair ' . this colour represents the time period at which they clicked the button , ranging from zero to 60 seconds .
retired lt col richard ` dick ' cole , age 99 , gave the medal to the museum 's director in a ceremony at the museum of the us air force on saturday . the medal arrived in a ceremonial b-25 flight . cole was mission leader and james ` jimmy ' doolittle 's co-pilot for the bombers ' attack that stunned japan and lifted american spirits less than five months after the attack .
david potchen , who robbed a bank in merrillville , indiana , last june , now has a job as a welder and is staying out of trouble after receiving help from family members . the man , 53 , had told a lake county judge earlier this year that he attempted to rob a local chase bank so that he could get placed back in custody . he is now employed and living with the support of his relatives .
helen flanagan , 24 , stepped out recently to show off her burgeoning bump in a slinky clinging dress , red lips and heels . some pregnant women will choose comfort over style , realising that it 's a time when their bodies are changing drastically . others will simply continue with their glamorous pre-maternity wardrobes , choosing to ignore the fact they 're pregnant .
robert charles bates , 73 , shot and killed eric courtney harris , 73 . harris was trying to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers . bates was monitoring from afar when bates ran up ` trying to get the situation under control ' and fired one shot .
david king , a 70-year-old pensioner from newham , east london , retired to normandy 15 years ago . his body was found by sniffer dogs in the hamlet of pierres , south-west of caen , and an unnamed frenchman has been charged with his murder .
the incident took place on a jet2 flight from glasgow to alicante . witnesses said the group drank heavily , abused fellow passengers . police were called to escort one of the party , a man in his thirties . all passengers on the flight had to wait in their seats as the plane waited .
dale cregan is on hunger strike for the second time in a bid to be moved to a secure psychiatric hospital . the 31-year-old was reportedly transferred to solitary confinement in hmp manchester , formerly strangeways . but in a desperate attempt to get himself moved cregan , who was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 .
anna broom , of gillingham , kent , has not worked since the age of 19 . during which time she has claimed more than # 100,000 in benefits . now wants an extra # 10,000 to fund her dream ` traditional english wedding and party in a castle ' . says tying the knot would boost her fragile confidence .
one-year-old anna and indi have been surfing since they were 10 weeks old . the four-legged surfers use their low centre of gravity to keep them stable while hanging ten off the coast of queensland , australia . the dogs have n't won a competition yet , but their owners are hoping they can top their best result to date .
ruslan bazarov , 28 , suffered pelvic injuries and a broken leg . he was taking part in the first 100 kilometre ride of the baltic star club . the truck continued along the road for 100 metres before it was stopped by the driver on the hard shoulder . bazorov was sucked in towards the truck 's trailer and knocked to the ground .
paul o'grady 's show ` for the love of dogs ' is an absolute television favourite . almost two thirds of goldfish owners , 63 per cent , even confess to putting the tank in sight of the tv so their fish can watch it for more than three and a half hours a day . a quarter , 24 per cent say their pets love watching tv so much they spend an incredible nine hours glued to it every day .
james may backtracked on his comment that top gear viewers sent threatening tweets to sue perkins should ` kill themselves ' . the great british bake off host was said to be the front-runner for the job . perkins became a favourite to replace jeremy clarkson after a flurry of bets .
babies given antibiotics in the first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers , a large-scale study has found . a third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds are overweight or obese , leading to fears that today 's generation will be the first to die at an earlier age than their parents .
the 13th century castle in the dordogne , france has just been placed on the market for # 703,400 . the 14-bedroom home also features 14 bathrooms and 46 hectares of land . the castle is in gignic , and near the town of brives la gaillarde .
homeland security secretary jeh johnson has admitted that a gyro-copter flew 80 miles undetected and under the radar from gettysburg , pennsylvania to the lawn of the us capitol . he said the secret service passed along the information from that interview to ` all of the appropriate law enforcement agencies ' . johnson said his first reaction on hearing of the incident was to ask , ` what 's a gyrocopter ? ' .
around 50 obese pupils at jianxin primary school in china 's eastern zhejiang province are being sent to special kung fu panda classes . teachers set up the lessons after a survey revealed 5 per cent of the school 's 800 pupils were obese , including one 11-year-old who weighs 180lbs .
prince william , 32 , became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary paye employee when he became a pilot for east anglian air ambulance . he plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby , just like he did when his son , prince george , was born in 2013 . royal staff have already ruled out using a helicopter to transport william back to london .
the fda has ruled that kind bars are not as kind on the body as they purport to be . investigators found that a number of flavors were labeled ` healthy ' - brimming with fiber , protein and antioxidants , while being low in fat and sodium . however , an equivalent serving of snickers contains 190 calories , 16gms of fat and 125mgs of sodium .
brian leary of the united states secret service said the unnamed person was in custody in washington dc and charges were pending . he added that the intruder , whose gender or age has not been released , had been ` immediately ' apprehended by officers in the uniformed division of the secret service . the package was examined and ` deemed to be harmless ' , according to a report by cnn .
chris ryves has told of his regrets about the subreddit - which he set up after the boston marathon bombings - in a new documentary . millions of users took to reddit in their millions in the hope of pinpointing the suspect or suspects behind the bombings . their claims led to 22-year-old sunil tripathi , a brown university student who was missing , being wrongly identified as the bomber .
labour leader rejects statistics read out by evan davis on how the situation in all three cases had improved . miliband repeatedly refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , crime and the effect of tuition fees . mr miliband replied : ' i do n't think that 's a judgment that people are going to make at the election ' .
jeremy clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the bbc . the top gear live shows can go ahead ` in good spirit ' bbc worldwide . but the corporation and the presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows . they will not feature any top gear branding , show any footage from the programmes or feature the stig .
asif malik , 31 , his partner sara kiran , 29 , and their four children were caught on cctv boarding a cross-channel ferry from dover earlier this month . thames valley police believed they arrived in calais , france , before travelling south down through europe in a bid to flee to syria . however , a turkish official claimed today that the couple had been arrested in ankara and are currently in custody .
bmw group 's answer to google glass is designed to give drivers super-human powers such as x-ray-like vision . the augmented vision goggles will go on show at the auto shanghai show and generate ` screens ' showing information that only the wearer can see . goggles can project navigation information with arrows onto the roads , as well as showing speed limits and even point out local landmarks .
neil killham made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination . it features sponge , jam , custard , lamb , peas , whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles . the 32-year-old software engineer from manchester announced his plans on twitter with a picture of his clashing ingredients .
patrick and valerie jubb are attempting to sell the four-bedroom property . they currently reside in jimena de la frontera , southern spain . the retired couple told spain 's olive press news website they have done nothing wrong but face losing the estate over illegal additions made by a previous owner .
robert f kennedy jr is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory . the documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal and autism among american children - despite the majority of the scientific community dismissing any connection .
u.s. envoy mark lippert said if north korea improves its human rights record and takes steps to end its nuclear program , it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world . the north frequently rails at the united states , the south 's biggest ally , accusing it of preparing for imminent invasion .
kym ackerman saw jesus in an x-ray of her molars when she went for a dental check-up in flagstaff , arizona . the 32-year-old spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist . she plans to keep the special molar and her mouth free of cavities in the future .
the number of allergy sufferers is soaring and almost half of those with severe allergies live in daily fear of suffering a potentially fatal reaction . two-thirds also do n't know how to use an adrenaline pen which can save the lives of those suffering a severe allergic reaction . more than 20,000 people a year are admitted to hospital in england for allergic reactions .
tom moffatt , 27 , from ashton-under-lyne in tameside , greater manchester , was meant to ink ` riley ' - the name of his four-year-old son - into his left arm . but instead of the letter ` l' , he started needling the letter p - and had to urgently ` scribble ' over the mistake .
queen letizia attended a conference for rare childhood diseases in barcelona . the 42-year-old stepped out in a striking white tailored suit with complementary nude accessories . she kept her accessories neutral , opting for a pair of patent nude platform heels and a purse woven from fabric of varying nude shades .
demetri nelson , 27 , still had his victim 's keys in his pocket when he was arrested tuesday , police said . nelson allegedly broke into a river birch drive home where the victim lives and told her to give him a ride to a manning avenue home . the woman used the emergency trunk latch to escape , authorities said .
hamdi ulukaya was once a turkish immigrant with dreams of making it big in the u.s. food industry . his american-born ex , dr. ayse giray , sued him in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500,000 that helped make his dreams a reality . on april 10 , after years of wrangling and a pronouncement by giray 's camp just last month that the parties were no where near an agreement , giray settled for an
ellie , 10 , and taylor , five , lost their brother harvey last year to a mystery illness . when easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to patients . instead the eggs will be donated to sheffield children 's hospital . some donations have come from as far afield as the us , ireland and scotland .
sally jones , 45 , ran away from her home in chatham , kent , to wage jihad . she is believed to have been filmed leading women fighters in hate-filled chanting session in syria . video has now emerged which appears to show mother-of-two leading members of the al-khanssaa brigade .
mitzi neyens , 77 , was successfully matched with a philadelphia man after turning to the national kidney registry 's paired exchange program . when she received the kidney march 26 , the operation completed a nationwide chain that linked strangers from san diego to boston who have loved ones in need . crane 's wife michele 's type 1 diabetes caused her to need a new kidney .
the world 's third-largest joint ship , the anthem of the seas , has just arrived in southampton , uk , for its naming ceremony . the new ship has a bar operated entirely by robots that mix cocktails using precise ingredients . passengers with a head for heights will also be able to take a ride in a transparent capsule for amazing ocean views .
alaa abdullah esayed uploaded 45,600 tweets in less than a year . some included pictures of dead bodies and encouraging children to arm themselves with weapons . the 22-year-old pleaded guilty to encouraging terrorism under the terrorism act 2006 and disseminating terrorist publications . she could face up to 14 years in prison for the offences .
scientists in california have warned that the region may be experiencing a century-long ` mega-drought ' . the blob in the ocean was discovered last year , with temperatures one to four degrees celsius -lrb- two to seven degrees fahrenheit -rrb- above surrounding ` normal ' water . and the blob could herald a warmer summer for some regions . and a new university of washington study says it could be responsible for droughts .
robert kushner , 32 , is one of more than a dozen former drug dealers testifying for the federal government about allegations of police wrongdoing . he told jurors tuesday that some of the undercover officers on trial had stolen $ 81,000 in cash and 7 pounds of marijuana from him during a 2007 arrest . that history came as news to officials at jack m. barrack hebrew academy in suburban bryn mawr .
officials and residents said al qaida fighters clashed briefly with members of one of yemen 's largest brigades outside mukalla . the militants then seized control of the riyan airport and moved to secure their hold on the city 's main sea port , which is also an oil terminal .
manuel delisle , the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw , has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on tuesday . karine cyr recorded the confrontation on sunday as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children . delisle was arrested on monday following the release of the viral video .
andre cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in missouri . his fate was sealed after the u.s. supreme court turned down several appeals , including one claiming cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution . cole and his wife , terri , were married for 11 years and had two children before divorcing in 1995 .
chinese hospitals are harvesting up to 11,000 organs from political prisoners without anaesthetic every year . one former medical student revealed how ` blood was still running ' as he cut through a body while a health worker told how her husband had removed corneas from 2,000 people while they were still alive . red cross estimations that just 37 people are registered organ donors in china .
photographer amos chapple travelled the world during the 18 months with a quadcopter in his backpack between 2012 and 2014 . the structure is the centre of the bahai'i faith in delhi and was designed by an iranian exile . mr chapple visited india with his drone to take this stunning picture of the taj mahal .
david king , 70 , had not been seen for six months in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , in the calvados department , south west of caen . on october 27 , he went to tea with friends living close to his home , and is thought to have got into an argument with one , aged 28 .
winnie harlow , 19 , suffers from vitiligo , the same rare skin condition that singer michael jackson was diagnosed with . the pair attended a launch event for popular magazine at siren studios in hollywood , california , on tuesday night . winnie 's dress is from la-based fashion house skingraft , and you can still buy it by clicking right to paser 's website now .
jon stewart has revealed that he decided to call time on his 17 year reign because he was becoming increasing depressed by american politics and watching cable news . two months after announcing that he is leaving the daily show , stewart said he was looking forward to not having to watch the ` relentless ' 24-hour news networks .
riley hughes died at just 32 days old after suffering complications arising from whooping cough . his parents catherine and greg are now leading a campaign , urging adults to vaccinate themselves and their children to prevent more infant deaths from the terrible disease . however , medical professionals insist the resource shortage will not affect the immunisation programs for babies , children and pregnant women .
dr john parker was taken to westmead hospital in sydney 's west for treatment . the humanitarian doctor had been working at an ebola treatment clinic in sierra leone since november last year . nsw health has confirmed dr parker does not have ebola and that no further testing for the virus is required at this stage .
ukip leader calls on conservatives to vote tactically for him in seats . said he believed many were in ` their hearts ' closer to his position of wanting an eu referendum as soon as possible without any attempted re-negotiation . mr farage also revealed that he has already held informal discussions with tories about potential post-election arrangements .
becky handley , 20 , discovered her father , raymond handley 's grisly crimes . he was jailed for 13-and-a-half years at birmingham crown court . now his daughter has disowned him and vowed to change her name . miss handley said her father deserves the death penalty rather than a prison term .
rihanna headed out to eat at a restaurant in santa monica this weekend . the singer is one of a number of celebrities who are deciding to ditch their underwear . in 2015 , this liberation now extends to clothing choices when out and about too . rita ora flashed some flesh in a sheer top as she attended a charli xcx gig .
roger byng , 67 , captured the action-packed photographs on the wetlands surrounding the severn estuary in slimbridge , gloucester . he was in a hide ` with the intention of photographing small british birds , such as bullfinches , long-tailed tits and wrens as part of a relaxing day 's photography .
nathan priestley , 21 , from norwich , norfolk , was once dubbed ` jabba the hutt ' by bullies . he was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills , but survived . within two years , he would only exercise in the dark from fear others would mock his efforts as he struggled to start shedding the pounds .
judge olu stevens was sentencing gregory wallace to five years ' probation after he and his accomplice , marquis mcafee , robbed tommy and jordan gray 's louisville home in april 2013 . police report that the thieves pointed a gun in the face of the couple 's three-year-old before making off with $ 1,100 in cash , a cell phone , wallet and small amount of marijuana belong to the couple . in victim impact
study involved men and women who had been diagnosed with stage b heart failure . stage b is where patients have developed structural heart disease - they may , for example , have had a heart attack that damaged the heart . but do not show symptoms of heart failure , such as shortness of breath or fatigue .
clinton dismissed the swirling questions as little more than political attacks from republicans eager to gain an early advantage in the 2016 presidential contest . she also took issue with economic views expressed by members of her own party , offering a dark assessment of a ` stalled out ' u.s. recovery , a judgment at odds with president obama 's brighter view of what the nation has achieved on his watch .
the two-metre gastornis was a flightless creature which lived in europe between 40 and 55 million years ago . because of its size and ominous appearance , it was thought to be a top carnivore . palaeontologists in the us have also found footprints believed to belong to the american . these do not show the imprints of sharp claws , used to grapple prey , that might be expected of a raptor .
the pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism . if successful , the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide . microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialisterne . the announcement was made on the company 's official blog by mary ellen smith , corporate vice president of worldwide operations .
the i 'm up alarm can be set to go off the night before and will then turn off by scanning a qr code on a mug or magnet that can be kept in another room . smartphone users will be able to download the app onto their phone from june . each device is paired with a form of barcode that may be anywhere in your home .
harold henthorn was charged with the murder of second wife , toni bertolet , 51 , last november . police have reopened their investigation into the suspicious death of his first wife , lynn rishell , some 20 years earlier . both women died in ` freak accidents ' to which dr toni was the sole witness . dr tonus jill bennlet plunged 140 ft to her death shortly before their 12th wedding anniversary .
three more political parties have backed the mail on sunday 's campaign to add first aid to the curriculum . previously , only the liberal democrats had promised to add the crucial lessons to the school curriculum . but last week labour , ukip and the green party added their support as they unveiled their election manifestos .
just three weeks old , louie , a full-grown dog , were together at home in spokane , washington , earlier this month . the clip begins with one of the pogue family , who recently adopted uno , tentatively holding him before the pets are introduced . louie then shifts his position , giving uno the chance to nuzzle and lick his neck , before settling down underneath one of his floppy ears .
william smith wanted to remind himself of his mother , alison overton . the 14-year-old died in august last year , just four months after seeing his mother succumb to the disease . william 's father said the family had begun recovering from the loss and were planning their future .
a vigilante group has taken to the streets of brisbane to rally against van hire company wicked campers . the company came under fire last year after over 120,000 australians petitioned to have slogans eliminated from the fleet . wicked pickets , a community action group , decided to take justice into their own hands after the company failed to live up to its promise .
mario valencia took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon , arizona on february 19 . he was able to start firing it as soon as he left , something that should have been impossible due to the gun locks that are required on all weapons . police were even told the gun was locked by employees as they pursued valencia , but just seconds later he began firing into the air .
patsy kensit says duchess of cambridge is ` our generation 's suffragette ' . the 47-year-old actress appeared in the magazine 's regular ` queen of everything ' feature . she said the duke of edinburgh would be her ` regal inspiration ' .
1.02 million men in the uk who have opted to work reduced hours . this compares to a 4 per cent rise in women choosing part-time work . men now make up one in 10 parents who care for their children or family . but recruitment experts say the rise in part male workers also signalled an increase in pre-tirement -- a trend where older gradually reduce their hours rather than suddenly retiring .
john potter , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog . he then passed on the image on to the georgia historical society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship 's history . in 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame .
two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in the crunch match dubbed ` le choc ' . after a brutal and closely fought encounter under the hot sun , the burly sene emerged victorious . other athletes - dressed in colourful loin cloths - took to the arena for a series of bruising combats .
more than 100,000 people on the coast of the pacific northwest are in the path of a potentially deadly tsunami that could be similar to the one in 2011 that ravaged parts of japan . 94,872 residents and 42,424 employees live within the tsunami hazard zones of the three states . also in danger are 486 public venues , 440 dependent care facilities and 2,314 businesses with a ` significant customer presence ' .
the countess of wessex and princess beatrice were not exactly fly-away style winners with their feathered hats . sophie , 50 , wife of prince edward , wore a beret-style percher hat topped with large , dark plumes . beatrice , 26 , the elder daughter of the duke of york and sarah ferguson opted for an unusual blue creation .
police have identified 25 people who claim the labour peer attacked them and each could claim for up to # 100,000 . one man , allegedly attacked by janner when he was living in a children 's homes between 1981 and 1988 , has already instructed lawyers to sue him and leicestershire county council for damages .
qantas have been told they could loose thier eight heathrow landing strips . the australian airline could also be facing a massive # 20,000 fine . the a380 flights set down more than fifteen late on the english tarmac . captain martin gardiner reportedly said changes in flight times had ` placed some additional stress on our network and turn-around times ' .
bryan morseman , 29 , from bath , new york , started his streak at the montgomery marathon in alabama on march 14 . he ran three marathons in eight days in hopes of raising money to pay for leeim 's medical bills . leeman was born with spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder that starts in the womb when a baby 's spine does n't form properly .
former prime minister said he has ` done british ' and is more interested in working at a ` global level ' . mr blair entered the general election fray for labour this week . he spoke about his multi-million pound earnings in an interview with newsweek magazine . he said : ' i could not do what i do unless i was also able to generate income ' .
cairns man decided to give cannabis oil to his daughter who is battling a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma . despite his claims that it improved her condition , the father , who can not be named for legal reasons , has been nicknamed ` fearless father ' . now he has spoken out in the hope that he can persuade the government to drop the charges against him .
shae-lee shackleford , 28 , lana kington , 25 , madison lloyd , 27 , were interview on the ellen show . their original video , ` bohemian carsody ' and the follow-up , ` mime through time , ' have now garnered a staggering 260 million views across several social media platforms .
the obamas lowered their 2014 tax bill by claiming nearly $ 160,000 in itemized deductions , including $ 70,712 in charitable donations to 33 different charities . altogether , they donated nearly 15 percent of their income . the largest was a $ 22,012 donation to the fisher house foundation , which supports military families .
melissa borg left her baulkham hills home at 7:30 am on thursday in her school uniform and made her way to the hills sports high school in seven hills . the year 9 student never made it to class and after her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work , he reported his daughter missing to police . melissa is described by police as being 150cm with a slim build , long brown hair and brown eyes .
alexandra harra , 28 , has been dubbed ` the romanian kim kardashian ' . she has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . but when she was persuaded to pose on the cover she found it was n't her university education that people were interested in .
researchers at john hopkins medical school in baltimore have identified the area of the brain that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic . they found that people with damage to the right sagittal stratum are unable to detect sarcasm . stroke survivors often suffer damage to this area of their brain .
marine le pen has accused her father of trying to sabotage her party 's efforts to move into the political mainstream with a recent raft of controversial comments . the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended his previous comments describing nazi gas chambers as a ` detail of history ' .
ted loveday managed to answer 10 questions in the last round of the bbc quiz show , helping gonville and caius college , cambridge defeat magdalen college , oxford . viewers were astounded by his general knowledge prowess - but the law student has now admitted that he had help from some unlikely sources .
the newest generation of beauty products will be personalised to meet all your particular needs . eyeko london is just one brand taking advantage of the trend with the launch of its new bespoke mascara -lrb- # 28 -rrb- . beauty brands have long promised customised foundation , but finding that perfect shade and texture is easier said than done .
eason chow , 25 , from singapore , believes his dissolvable pods solve the problem of the rising waste generated from coffee capsules . it involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created whatsoever . the product , called droops , is still in the early stages , but mr chow says the coffee pods will cost around # 4 for a pack of 20 .
gervais posted picture of extreme huntress winner lying next to a dead giraffe . grandmother-of-nine rebecca francis found herself at the centre of a social media storm . 14,543 people retweeted it - with some tweeting they hoped she dies ' a lonely , painful death ' .
jane laut , 57 , was arrested and charged in 2009 for the 2009 murder of her husband david laut . prosecutors say laut shot dead her husband outside their california home the night of august 28 , 2009 . the couple were high school sweethearts and married for 29 years .
president barack obama would be willing to meet congress half way and sign legislation codifying its role in processing a nuclear deal with iran . senators later voted 19-0 to give the white house some of , but not all of its asks , and left in a signature feature of the bill giving congress the authority to approve a final deal .
an airbus a321 from baku , azerbaijan to london was forced to return back to where it had set out from only 11 minutes after a 9.20 pm local time departure on friday . there were three diversions in just over 24 hours of ba planes over the weekend .
candice-marie fox was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 . she had surgery to remove tumours from her neck that september . but when a return visit to the doctors revealed cancer cells had spread to other parts of her body , ms fox rejected further conventional medical treatment in favour of a diet and lifestyle plan she discovered online . she is planning to release relevant medical records without her personal details .
prince harry 's girlfriend cressida bonas has been unveiled as mulberry 's new ambassador . the 26-year-old poses in an old courthouse in clerkenwell , london , wearing pieces from the somerset-based brand 's spring/summer 2015 collection .
the sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri . it was called ' a symbol of peace , comfort and hope for all who gather around its branches ' at a small ceremony led by the black caucus of the american library association . but by sunday morning , the branches had been stripped , leaving just a shard of the trunk .
claire nugent , 43 , and nigel morter , 47 , have been married for 14 years . they restored a 1940s airfield control tower in norfolk and now run it as a b&b . when we moved in together after university , we 'd scour the local north london markets for 1940s pieces .
millie-belle diamond , the proud owner of louis vuitton and chanel purses , has become a money-making social media celebrity after her mother schye fox started posting cute photos of her online . the mum , from warriewood , in northern sydney , originally set up an instagram account when she was two months old so that their family in wa and queensland could see her grow .
there 's enough art and culture to keep you busy for a decade of weekend breaks , plus cracking food , colourful markets and plenty of places to party all night long . no other city in the world has as many buildings on the unesco world heritage list as barcelona , from roman walls to the fantastical creations of gaudi .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses . despite elliot 's best efforts , the baby boy does n't seem to mind the affectionate slobbering and he 's heard merrily gurgling away .
david zaslav was compensated $ 156.1 million for his role as ceo of discovery communications it was revealed on friday . this thanks to shows like the once popular here comes honey boo boo and his running of networks like own . discovery has also done well thanks to the success of television events like shark week .
catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cabinets at home . but when her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing . at one point catalina hits her father 's leg in frustration .
nikki kelly started to feel cramps in her stomach and believed she might be getting her period . but when she made a dash for the bathroom , the 24-year-old was shocked to find she was in fact going into the early stages of labour . she had even kept her size eight figure throughout the pregnancy .
mary ann diano was left homeless when the storms hit staten island , new york , in october 2012 - but now says because of hurricane sandy she has met the love of her life . the 62-year-old 's home has lived in a trailer park in connecticut every since the disaster where she met her partner dennis krauss . ms diano had been swept away by the waves and clung to a tree for safety .
the cocaine , valued by the coast guard at $ 424 million , was seized by u.s. and canadian forces in 19 separate incidents in the eastern pacific ocean near central and south america . it included a 10 1/2 - ton bust from a coastal freighter , the largest maritime drug interdiction in that area since 2009 .
the 29-year-old , who lived in california , had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs . doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people 's pain and this might be why some people become addicted or become injured while playing . it has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since its launch in 2012 .
adriana giogiosa , 55 , was reported missing after her brother could not contact her at the house in majadahonda , a suburb of madrid . the landlord of the house , a 32-year-old spanish man with a history of psychological problems , has been arrested . at least two of the other missing tenants are thought to be women from argentina and the man 's aunt has also not been found .
sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ` conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . the man , who has not been identified , claims the death of numan haider was the moment ` we all became more radical ' . multiple photos of mr besim on his social media pages show him posing with one raised index finger , a symbol that other isis supporters have also frequently used . the
marie d'argent claims she suffered vertebral disc trauma , whiplash and nightmares when the elevator at the princeton complex in melbourne dropped suddenly on october 9 . the 55-year-old publicist says the fall also left her with a ` loss of libido ' , ` sexual discomfort and impairment ' and ` curtailment of sexual adventurism ' . she recently filed a statement of claim at the county court of victoria to seek compensation for her injuries from the building
geologists and media have flocked to the desolate mountain on the outskirts of urumqi , in north-western china , since it appeared a few weeks ago . the hole appeared recently after locals noticed the ground nearby getting warmer . experts ca n't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is .
the man posed as a member of the congregation of st james ' church in the gorton area of manchester to carry out the crime . as well as taking one bag , he tried to steal the contents of two other elderly women 's bags before fleeing . police have described the incident as ` appalling ' and have released an e-fit image of the suspected offender .
scotland 's new drink-drive law enacted on december 5 . the limit was cut from 80mg per 100ml of blood to just 50mg . the effect of the drop in sales is so severe , it is being blamed for a poor result in the country 's latest bank of scotland pmi report .
australian tourists are planning to travel abroad between may and august . seven out of the top ten holiday destinations are in europe . the number one choice is the ancient city of athens in greece . second of australia 's holidaymakers are in the united states .
kevin cooper and trewen kevern allegedly beat david alderson and left him to drown , before using his keys to steal # 40,000 from a safe . police originally thought the 72-year-old victim had died as a result of falling from his bike , because he was dressed in lycra at the time .
alinea , a restaurant in chicago has been voted the best restaurant in the world for a fourth year running . the eatery , which is chicago 's only three-michelin-starred restaurant , is the brainchild of culinary prodigy grant achatz . the top 10 featured four american restaurants which are all in new york .
america celebrated the coming of age of a new sporting hero on sunday when jordan spieth , 21 , showed true grace under pressure to win the masters . as a junior at jesuit high school in dallas , the grateful golfer wrote the letter to the murphy family who had funded the scholarship that helped pay for his tuition . spieth impressed many following sunday 's big victory with his manners and affable manor as well as his golfing skills .
paul bramley , 28 , died when andreas lubitz locked the germanwings flight 's captain out of the cockpit before flying the plane into a mountainside . but girlfriend anneli tiirik , 23 , said she did not blame the co-pilot for the death . she said she hoped airlines would bring in greater checks to prevent similar disasters in future .
pm will pledge discounts of up to 70 per cent to allow all 1.3 million families in housing association properties to buy their home . the subsidy will be funded by forcing councils to sell off their most expensive properties when they become vacant . mr cameron is expected to promise to link the minimum wage to increases in the income tax allowance .
stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at her workplace leeton high school in leeton , 550km west of sydney , at 11am on easter sunday . at 12.59 pm on sunday she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding . ms scott 's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter , as they fear her disappearance has something to do with ` her car
air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail , both in the gedo region bordering kenya on sunday . cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll . gunmen from the al qaeda-aligned group killed 148 people on thursday .
security doctor lin xikun knew what he had to do when he walked in on nurse long yufang being threatened with a knife by a bare-chested man . the terrifying situation began at about 11am on april 9 when the man walked into the hospital in dongguan , guangdong province . he had been brought in by police the night before .
peachtree city police chief william mccollom called 911 early new year 's day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife , margaret , as they slept in their suburban atlanta home . the shooting left margaret paralyzed below the waist . ballard said he concluded the shooting could have been prevented .
the average woman will spend # 18,000 on products for her face in her lifetime . femail called on the best dermatologists in the business to shed their vital tips for ensuring you 're getting the most from your skincare regime . perhaps one of the most common misconceptions women have is that you only need to use an spf in boiling climates .
barbie is the 96th image to come up on google images when you enter the search term ` ceo ' . several high-powered women , including women 's right campaigner chelsea clinton , have re-tweeted the results of the search . the more ` popular ' and relevant an image is , the higher up the ranks it will move .
curt almond , 26 , spent at least # 40 a week buying new calvin klein boxers . but after wiping out most of his savings , mr almond realised it was ` bankruptcy or boxers ' - and that he needed to wean himself off his addiction . he has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over .
royston coates , who is serving a 10-year sentence for wounding , boasted about watching tv from prison . he also encouraged friends to call him on his mobile - even though both phones and social media are banned in all prisons . it is the second such incident to emerge within two days , after a murderer was caught drinking prison hooch in a video he shared online .
researchers believe the injection could flush out hiv hiding in white blood cells with a chemical ` kick ' , allowing a boosted immune system to identify and kill the cells . the theory , developed by researchers at university college london , the university of north carolina , is based on a single patient case study .
sandra malcolm 's body was found at her home in cape town , south africa . the 74-year-old 's attackers had mutilated her - although police have yet to confirm this . her nephew colin chalmers said the murder had left the family ` distraught ' .
labour leader visited the gurdwara during a campaign tour of the midlands . but his team banned national media journalists from the event . they were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures . one of the sikh journalists was allegedly asked to leave labour 's battlebus . but one sikh adviser said the attitude of the labour leader 's team went against the ethos of his faith .
report by right-leaning centre for policy studies suggests pupil aptitude has actually declined since the country embraced fashionable teaching methods . finland only did so well before because of the influence of traditional teacher-led methods . findings will add weight to arguments by michael gove , who referred to as ` the blob ' .
justin whittington , 23 , was arrested on friday in bakersfield , california . he was charged with child cruelty after the video of the alleged abuse surfaced online . but following interviews , his charge was changed from ` cruelty ' to ` endangerment ' . his bail dropped from $ 1 million to $ 20,000 .
warning : graphic content . images of the killing are being shared by bloodthirsty supporters of the terror group on social media . they show the victim lying in a pool of blood with his severed head resting on his back . one of those distributing the images is a man claiming to be a british militant fighting for the islamic state in iraq .
the man drops down on one knee as he proposes to his girlfriend . many women would probably beg their beau to move a more scenic location . the couple then engage in a passionate embrace by the food counter . the video ends with the bride-to-be turning down the offer of a free meal before leaving the fast food chain with her fiance .
ballyfin has been named by travel publication condé nast traveller as the grandest hotel in ireland . the five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool , which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms . set at the foot of the slieve bloom mountains , the entirety of the elegant ballyfin can be hired out for a small $ 25,000 .
david cameron managed to thoroughly bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in bolton on wednesday . the prime minister is n't the only politician who elicits funny reactions from kids . shadow chancellor ed balls fails to impress a young girl and her doll as they play make-believe .
a new study shows that a quarter of australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men . julie sweet feels that she is often stigmatised by friends and family . she is currently a psychotherapist for adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse with a degree in psychotherapy .
riddick bowe , of maryland , has found himself tweeting happy birthday messages and adverts for anyone who pays him $ 20 . the 46-year-old recently offered to ` tweet anything ' for people who credit him through paypal , sharing the messages with his 450,000 followers .
fraser ross is embroiled in a legal dispute after his behaviour led the company to file a lawsuit to end their business relationship . kitson has shops in california and the far east , including victoria beckham , lady gaga and kendall jenner , who have all been spotted with the brand 's blue bags .
hannah mcwhirter , 21 , engaged in the ménage a trois with co-worker dionne clark and her husband shaun in july 2013 . she even exchanged texts with the couple after their threesome . when mr clark told the john lewis department store worker 's boyfriend about their hookup she claimed she had been raped .
martina riccioni and her friend antoinettia caffero , 21 , were involved in a head-on collision in perth . the car they were in veered into oncoming traffic as they drove home from margaret river . they were thrown from the passenger seat of the car and was killed at the scene of the accident after suffering catastrophic injuries . they have started a crowdfunding appeal on ` go fund me ' to raise up to $ 20,000 to transport her body
keith anthony allen , 27 , of columbus pleaded not guilty monday to charges including rape , felonious assault and gross sexual imposition . he is accused of raping two 12-year-old girls and fondling a third girl . the assault charges allege he raped the girls while knowing he was hiv-positive and had consensual sex with a woman without telling her he has the virus that causes aids .
former soldier john young , 66 , and his new wife elaine , 54 , were sat in the front room of their home in oldham , greater manchester . when one brick smashed the glass , mr young went and opened his front door to remonstrate with the attackers only to be struck in his left eye . despite undergoing emergency surgery , doctors were unable to save his eyesight meaning he is now blind in one eye .
russian warship and two bombers strayed close to uk territory . it forced the uk to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels . sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to ` snoop ' on a huge nato war games exercise taking place in scotland .
witnesses reported seeing front wheel of bike ` completely squashed ' under lorry . cyclist was pronounced dead at the scene at the junction between millbank and horseferry road at 10.03 am . today 's incident was the fifth death of a cyclist in the capital this year - all involving lorries .
the robshaws sample insects in tonight 's episode of bbc two 's back for dinner . two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects . the family also attempt burgers made with a mixture of insect and beef protein . the lack of traditional meat proteins can be put down to population expansion .
the north charleston police officer ca n't be executed for shooting walter scott in the back because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined ` aggravating circumstances ' . it came as evidence against slager continues to mount , the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a taser into a black man 's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit .
maarij khan and his mother mushammat are set to be removed from their home in newcastle after the home office turned down their bid to remain in the uk . maarij 's 10-year-old brother saffat died of meningitis last month , after his fight against an aggressive form of cancer . the boys ' father , who was studying for a phd , was diagnosed with rhabdomyosarcoma , a type of childhood cancer which attacks connect
stunned researchers have found a series of hidden faces and message in it . dating from 1250 , the black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in welsh , and contains some of the earliest references to arthur and merlin . using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software , the images were recovered .
police in manchester have been forced to issue a warning on facebook . the child 's details have not been release but a greater manchester police spokesman said the child is believed to have had underlying health problems . the prank involves a child having their nose and mouth held shut by another child until they black out from lack of oxygen .
rosie solemnly explains to the estate agents that the house was owned by her brother , who just so happened to pass away in it . this already to serves to unsettle one estate agent , as his eyes widen in surprise . cameras are installed the walls and members of the team monitor the hilarious reactions .
shocking footage has been released by police of a brawl involving more than 70 teenagers outside a party in brisbane . the violent conflict was captured by queensland police helicopter , and shows the a small scuffle escalate into an all-in fight . police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm .
the billionaire wife of former los angeles clippers owner donald sterling said she felt vindicated by the judge 's ruling this week . stiviano , 32 , had lavished his alleged girlfriend with gifts including a $ 1.8 million house , luxury cars and stocks . but shelly insisted on wednesday she did n't take them to court over the money .
zach yonzon runs the bunny baker cafe with his wife and uses steamed milk and froth as the canvas upon which he creates his masterpieces . the tools of his unique trade include a spoon and a barbecue skewer , which he dips in dark chocolate . but the idea quickly expanded when customers started asking for more intricate and complicated designs .
scientists from the university of wollongongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all . the contraceptive is made with hydrogel , a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue . the groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication , topical drug delivery , and even electric conductivity .
more than 1,200 people were arrested during a six-week operation . officials from 215 local , state and federal law-enforcement agencies seized hoards of weapons , drugs and cash at the addresses . at least 913 have already been charged with a range of crimes including rape , murder and sexual assault .
the list price of bentleys ranges from # 136,250 to # 224,700 . yet the manufacturer and porsche finished bottom of a 38-strong table . overall , the most reliable models were the honda jazz and mitsubishi lancer while the least reliable was the audi rs6 .
jackson byrnes , 18 , has flown from lismore in northern new south wales to sydney to be operated on by renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo . for the past week jackson 's family and friends have been desperately trying to raise $ 80,000 needed to pay the hospital upfront by tuesday night . on monday they reached the target on their gofundme page , but jackson was told he had a stage four brain tumour that was
jack henry doshay , 22 , appeared in court for the first time on friday as he pleaded not guilty to charges of kidnapping , false imprisonment with violence and child cruelty . noticeably absent from the court room were the suspect 's parents , karen and glenn doshoshay . the minority owner of the san diego padres and a former investment manager who focuses on charitable causes with his wife .
sylvain longchambon visited the site of the world trade center in new york . the coronation street star spent four nights in the city from manchester . he and his boyfriend sylvain spent 12 months at the marriott . they had a beautiful suite on the 31st floor , giving us panoramic views .
raghunandan yandamuri , 29 , of king of prussia , pennsylvania , is appealing his death penalty sentence for a murder . he accused the attorneys of not responding to his calls or letters . he said monday in montgomery county court if his appeal keeps going the same way he would rather be executed immediately .
bol manyang , his four-year-old sister hanger and her twin brother madit were laid to rest in tiny white coffins at st andrew 's church in werribee on saturday . their mother akon guode and father joseph tito manyang sat in the church 's front row , alongside older sister awel , 5 , who survived the horrifying crash . mourners wept as the children 's cousin , makok kuol ,
the famous tiger temple just outside of bangkok has been forced to shut due to keeping the animals without permits . wat pa luangta bua yanasampanno has been told that their 147 tigers must be handed over to the department of national parks , wildlife and plant conservation . the news will no doubt please animal rights activists who have been campaigning against the mistreatment of the animals .
dave roberts is in the running to become the mayor of middlesbrough . followed in his great-uncle daniel mcallister 's footsteps by leaping off the transporter bridge over the river tees . instead of falling to his death like his relative did more than 100 years ago .
ian harris , 51 , from brighton , east sussex , is a member of the church of the flying spaghetti monster . he is challenging the dvla over his rights to wear the metal bowl in his licence photo , which he says is equivalent to muslim women being pictured in hijabs .
researchers suggest around 1,000 ios apps are vulnerable to a flaw in connectivity software from afnetworking . this includes uber , microsoft 's onedrive and movies by flixster . the flaw leaves any information , even if its sent over a seemingly secure https connection , potentially open to hackers .
photos from that party reveal a loved up couple just moments before giuliana rancic became a woman scorned . the television personality - with the maiden name depandi at the time - cuddled up to the stand by me actor on the red carpet at the maxim magazine hot 100 party in las vegas back in june 2004 .
foodie fidos will be treated to a five-course set menu at the curious canine kitchen which opens for one weekend only -lrb- 11 to 12 april -rrb- in shoreditch , london . the doggie fine diner is the first of its kind in britain to serve high-end , freshly prepared , organic canine cuisine .
the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45 pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan , reports cbs new york . firefighters told cbs2 that as much as 2 feet of murky water , more than enough to reach the electrified third rail . the break also affected things at street level , where seas of city water threatened businesses and snarled city traffic .
fredric brandt was discovered hanged inside the garage of his coconut grove home by his friend , john joseph hupert , at around 9.15 am on easter sunday morning . police report says that brandt 's psychiatrist dr. saida koita had become so worried for her patients state of mind that she ordered him to stay with him to monitor him . she also revealed she had him on daily medication and was seeing him everyday for therapy sessions .
carlos toro , 66 , worked as a mid-level member of the medellin cartel in the 1980s when a confrontation with his boss caused him to flee from colombia . toro came to the united states and eventually began working for the dea as an informant after providing information about a number of his former bosses and associates . he was n't paid for work , but was told he would be rewarded with us citizenship .
ted koran , 59 , phoned the veterans suicide hotline but all he got was a recorded message . he was put on hold three times for 10 minutes at a time and the only reason he decided not to kill himself on saturday was to care for the 60 rescue animals he and his wife had looked after together . today it has 52 operators fielding up to 1,000 phone calls a day , but the service is at breaking point .
eight months pregnant rebecca adlington has been one of her toughest roles of her life so far . the 26-year-old says the extra pounds she gained in the early stages of her pregnancy were hard to deal with . rebecca married fellow swimmer harry needs in september 2014 and discovered she was pregnant soon after their honeymoon .
the sutherland shire council is exploring idea of allowing overseas backpackers to park their campervans in allocated locations . among these locations are cronulla beach and wanda beach , both in southern sydney , as it was found that due to a shortage of accommodation . on average , seasoned travellers spend $ 700 on eating out and shopping during a stay .
christine carriage , 67 , was handed a six-month suspended sentence . police found 1,337 items of clothing , shoes and handbags on november 4 , 2013 . officers found cash , drug paraphernalia and at least an eighth of a kilo of cocaine . carriage admitted acquiring , using or possessing criminal property .
mother-of-three farhina touseef is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents . the taliban , a islamic fundamentalist political movement which was toppled from power after the us-led invasion of afghanistan in 2001 , is famed for its hard-line policies and brutality against women . in pakistan , polio has been on the rise since the taliban
the headless body of a seven-pound-five-ounce infant was found in a trash heap in farmingdale , new jersey . on nov. 11 , 2014 , the baby 's headless remains were discovered last year in an attempt to track down the child 's mother . authorities have released a sketch of emma and the photos friday enlisting the help of the public to locate the mother .
father-of-one szilveszter injected petroleum jelly into his penis as he wanted to make it bigger . instead it became so swollen and inflammed , he was unable to have sex . but nine months later his penis was swollen , painful and bleeding . he went to his gp and saw other doctors but all told him there was nothing they could do .
tori hester , 25 , from san diego , california , was diving off the coast of mexico when the huge school of trevally fish began circling above her . husband jeff , 26 , was on hand to capture the incredible moment using his underwater camera . he said : ` the biomass is booming and the ecosystem is returning to a healthy state which is how we managed to witness this incredible sight ' .
mailonline travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world 's most budget-busting cities . the union square farmer 's market , open on weekend mornings , is fantastic for people-watching and you ca n't beat a stroll along the recently-opened highline with its breathtaking views of the hudson river .
sean crawford said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on . he said he can understand why some people find his work ' a bit ungodly ' , but in his opinion there is nothing worse than ` art that does n't affect you at all ' .
the image was captured over jaibru in australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon ` looping lightning ' . upwards lightning is possible , but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning travels in an ` upwards ' direction . but storm chaser dan robinson believes ` looped lightning ' is simply a trick of perspective , based on where the viewer is stood .
pedro hernandez is accused of killing 6-year-old etan patz , whose 1979 disappearance while on his way to school helped galvanize the national missing-children 's movement . the defense says the admissions are made up , the ravings of a mentally ill man who sees visions and has a low iq . etan 's body was never found , nor was any trace of clothing or his belongings .
tim mcgraw is scheduled to raise money with a hartford , connecticut show on july 17 for the sandy hook promise group . anti-gun control commenters have said that the 47-year-old risks losing his career the same way female country trio the dixie chicks never bounced back from criticizing president george w bush .
caitlin kellie-jones suffered from hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy -lrb- hie -rrb- . it occurs when the brain does not receive enough oxygen or blood . to control the condition caitlin was placed in a cooling wrap within 40 minutes of her birth to keep her at the target temperature of 33.5 degrees for 72 hours . her parents , nicola and paul , are raising money to help other children .
the men were taking part in a royal navy ice-hockey team tour of nova scotia . they allegedly attacked a 21-year-old local woman at the party . the assault was reported to police by the woman immediately afterwards . the men were charged with sexual assault causing bodily harm .
the home video is filmed by mother , brooke geherman , from alberta , canada . kowen cradles the fish before kissing it repeatedly in a heartbreaking move . the young boy then proceeds to kiss the lifeless goldfish repeatedly . the boy drops the goldfish down the toilet and flushes it in the toilet .
aussie blokes , 29 per cent say the variety of sexual partners is what floats their boat - surprise , surprise ! women seem to be ` all talk and no action ' when it comes to finding ` mr right ' . more than half of the population claim finding ` the one ' is their biggest priority in life .
hadas from africa had ` the cut ' in eritrea , where circumcision for girls is widely practiced , when she was just a few months old . she said : ` in my culture , it is believed that when the vagina is cut , the desire to have sex is only something a woman does with her husband to have children ' .
footage shows five people , including two children , storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51-year-old . one of the group takes out mace as the man is brought to the ground . they then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless .
david lammy said the snp was a party labour could ` do business with ' . he said snp will hold labour to ` ransom ' if it holds balance of power . polls suggest nicola sturgeon 's party are on course to win up to 50 seats . pm has vowed to work with mr miliband to ` lock out ' david cameron .
photographs taken above whitefish bay on eastern lake superior , ontario , show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse . they are carrying a variety of goods from canadian grain to us iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks . the biggest ice cover on north america 's great lakes in decades is backing up important shipping deliveries with 18 freighters currently wedged in the ice .
the alborz destroyer and bushehr support vessel sailed from bandar abbas to the gulf of aden today . military bosses claim the move is designed to protect iranian shipping from piracy . comes as saudi arabia continues to lead a bombing campaign to oust the iran-allied houthi movement .
yassir ali , 29 , of no-fixed-abode , was stopped by traffic police in birmingham at 3.45 pm on february 22 after officers suspected the silver bmw 1 series may have been stolen . the camera footage shows the car pull over to the side of the road and a man get out of the passenger seat . the man attempts to block the squad car while ali tries to escape at break-neck speeds .
the actor is best known for his role as gilbert blythe in the canadian television drama anne of green gables and two sequels . toronto-born crombie died on wednesday in new york , his sister carrie told cbc on saturday . he was discovered as an actor when he was performing in a high-school production of the wizard of oz .
the 11-year-old boy was on holiday in burnham-on-sea with his family . he was unhurt in the incident , and was seen leaving the beach smiling . coastguard used a hovercraft to bring him back to the beach unharmed . the boy was returned to safety shortly afterwards .
tamara pacskowska pretended to be 76-year-old georgina bagnall-oakley . she took her daughter-in-law monika brzezinska , 34 , along with her on the visits to help her translate . the fraudsters were caught out in a solicitors office while they were on the cusp of completing the sale of the house to benjamin khoury .
the nephew of president john f kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations . he said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families . on monday , he publicly retracted his statement .
the new york city woman , who is not being named , watched in terror as a man crawled through a window and proceeded to steal her laptop , digital camera and some jewelry from her apartment . unfortunately for the thief , the entire thing was caught on camera . anyone who recognizes the man in the video is asked to contact crime stoppers at 800-577-tips .
the 18-carat gold trinket box was presented to lord uxbridge for his heroics in the battle of waterloo . it was sold to a private collector for more than # 100,000 . his leg was buried near the battlefield but later dug up and used as a macabre tourist attraction .
crystal o'connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , said that she does not hate gay people - she just does not support gay marriage . she responded to the now staggering $ 850,000 that has been raised in support of her establishment by saying ; ` god has blessed us for standing up for what we believe , and not denying him ' .
in 1992 , a drug enforcement agency operation which has since been discontinued , monitored every telephone call made from the united states to one of the up to 116 countries . usa today uncovered the details of the program , whose vastness was not known until now , and whose practices , especially in gathering bulk information , later became a model for the national security agency .
michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey claimed she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce in august 2012 . but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy . she now faces 30 years in prison after a jury found her guilty of killing the youngster .
harvey weinsten was spotted looking chipper and pleasant outside his new york city townhouse on thursday . the couple 's son dashiell has been sharing photos of herself hard at work creating the upcoming spring/summer 2016 bridal collection . chapman even had a little helper joining her in the design room .
the 24-year-old was british vogue 's february 2015 cover star . she also the first black model to walk for prada in a decade . in an interview with the times , she said : ' i did n't want to leave the house ' . she said she was often picked on from primary school until secondary school .
football 's anti-discrimination campaigners teamed up with tempero and brandwatch to produce the most detailed findings of discrimination online . mario balotelli was on the end of 8,000 messages , with arsenal 's danny welbeck receiving 1,700 . they discovered an abusive message is directed at a premier league club or one of their players every 2.6 minutes with a total of 134,400 posted on twitter , facebook , forums or blogs between august 2014 and march 2015 .
the body of the ten-year-old was found on saturday around 1pm by searchers from a boy scout troop - about ten feet from the river 's edge in brooklyn center . police said on sunday that the boy 's father , pierre collins , 33 , was in that area at the time the boy disappeared . however , she did not elaborate on the nature of that evidence .
abbey road studios has hosted every major name in music in the last 80 years . despite receiving around 500,000 visitors a year , mostly to walk the famous crossing , the studio doors have been shut to those not recording ever since 1931 . the result is inside abbey road , a new web app that takes users on an interactive , immersive and hugely detailed virtual tour .
alison saunders was a barrister in the same chambers as the son of lord janner , it emerged last night . the crown prosecution service confirmed that the director of public prosecutions consulted neil moore over whether to prosecute daniel janner . mrs saunders said it was her job to make ` very difficult decisions ' .
david rylance , 47 , was suffering from alzheimer 's and was jailed for two years and three months . he stole more than # 50,000 from his dying mother , who died in july 2013 . her son david had been slowly siphoning the money away , spending it on luxuries for himself as well as everyday living costs .
child welfare authorities say faiz ikramulla , 35 , was arrested and charged on thursday with aggravated kidnapping . the little girl is believed to be named aliya . he 's jailed in van buren county , michigan , pending extradition proceedings . the girl 's father put her in a trash can and drove away .
judy eddingfield , 65 , celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead 's restaurant in kansas city last week . she declares that it 's the only job she 's ever had or ever wanted . ` it ' 's like my home away from home and i just love it here , ' she told fox .
the sprawling house , built on the site of an old telephone exchange in chelsea , west london , has been sold for 300 times the average price of home in england and wales . but the stamp duty alone , paid on top of the price of the home , is enough for the treasury to pay the annual salary of 330 nurses . the huge tax bill , the equivalent to 15 per cent , is down to the buyer using a bermuda-based company to buy the property .
lib dem leader 's wife miriam said the party 's mps ` deserve ' to be re-elected . she hit the campaign trail on her own today as mr clegg said she ` just wanted to do her bit ' for the party . miriam , who uses her maiden name gonzalez durantez , today appeared alongside lib dem home office minister lynne featherstone .
the 13-year-old boy is said to have listed 25 names of teachers and pupils he intended to kill and had told classmates of his plans as recent as last week . the teenager reportedly walked into the school armed with a machete and crossbow around 9.15 am this morning , killing a male teacher and injuring two students and two teachers .
the environmental group said in a statement its team would . occupy the underside of the main deck of the polar pioneer , . which is under contract to shell , and plans to unfurl a banner . with the names of millions of people opposed to arctic drilling . the group said the activists would not interfere with the . vessel 's navigation .
the national park service and the secret service are recommending the addition of half-inch-thick spikes , angled away from the white house . the new spikes , officially known as ` pencil protrusions , ' will be bolted on at the top for a year or more while an entirely new fence is planned and fabricated . tennessee democratic rep. steve cohen made the idea part of his brainstorm in a q-and-a session with then-acting secret service director joseph cl
encounters with common dolphins off the west of scotland have more than doubled over a decade , according to a leading research body . monitoring by hebridean whale and dolphin trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years . the dolphins come to the hebrides in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks , travelling in large groups and forming ` super-pods ' of thousands of individuals .
the letter was spotted by twitter user plattsieplatts . he posted it to her social media account writing : ` so this is the notice i saw today in the window of our local fish and chip shop . i kid thee not ' . the note , which was left in a chip shop window , was circulated on twitter this week .
researchers at the technical university of braunschweig , germany , set out to uncover whether there are reasons for this beyond the use of illegal insecticides . nicotine was frequently used as an insecticide until it was banned by the european union in 2009 because of its toxicity . but a surprisingly large number of food crops and plant-derived products still contain very high levels of nicotine .
argentina has branded british attempts to explore the seas around the falklands for oil ` illegitimate ' . daniel filmus , argentina 's secretary of state for the islands , told an event in london that britain 's decision to increase military spending in the south atlantic was ` gunboat diplomacy ' .
in colorado , at least 30 people were injured last year in 32 butane explosions involving hash oil -- nearly three times the number reported throughout 2013 . federal prosecutors in seattle have brought charges in five cases where hash oil operations blew up , including at one apartment complex where an 87-year-old former mayor of bellevue died .
hattie gladwell , 19 , was fitted with an ostomy bag after under-going surgery for ulcerative colitis . she was admitted to hospital on january 26th of this year although she had long suffered from problems with her health after an inflammatory bowel condition was misdiagnosed . now she shares her experience on her blog morethanyourbag.com .
the rare mammal has been making waves at the taiji whale museum in southern japan . the phenomenon results from the animals thin skin , which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone . while bottlenose dolphins are typically grey , the mammal is completely white -- apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink .
charliscraftykitchen , from australia , makes an estimated $ 127,777 per month from the ad revenue generated from her popular youtube channel . the mini-martha stewart , who is known simply as charli , has turned her popular channel into youtube 's largest food channel in less than three years .
andreas lubitz crashed the airbus a320 passenger jet into the alps . the 27-year-old may have added a chemical to captain patrick sodenheimer 's coffee to remove him from the flight deck . investigators are trying to determine whether the killer ` spiked ' his captain 's drink to force him into the toilet .
xie hong feng was found dead after falling five floors through a lift shaft . her three-year-old son has been accused of pushing her by the property 's manager - but there is no cctv evidence of the accident . ms xie 's husband was on a business trip when the tragic accident occurred .
sophie falkiner says she has been cinching in her waist with girdles . australian tv presenter , model and mother of two , reveals she 's been ahead of the trend . khloe kardashian recently attributed the corset-like waist trainer as the tool behind her new , slim figure .
pamela anderson appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the maricopa county jail on wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet . arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $ 200,000 per year . the jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now .
lucy , the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found , still has a few secrets to reveal . discovered in 1974 , the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the afar region of ethiopia . lucy is still being studied to learn more about our ancestors .
nasa 's johnson space center developed the modular robotic vehicle . mrv is driven by four independent wheel modules called e-corners . each e-corner consists of a redundant steering actuator , a passive trailing arm suspension , an in-wheel propulsion motor , and a motor-driven friction braking system .
the small creatures are easily blown to the shores of oregon , california and washington during strong winds this time of year . they are covering beaches including seaside , manzanita , astoria and rockaway beach . experts say there are more than usual this year thanks to a blue sail on the tops of their bodies .
janet brown was found naked , gagged with packing tape with her arms cuffed behind her back at the foot of her family home in radnage , near chinnor in buckinghamshire . builders found mrs brown 's naked body dumped at the bottom of the stairs . the 51-year-old nurse 's body was found on april 10 , 1995 .
air defense directed energy on-the-move program , commonly referred to as gbad , allowing controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target . once drones are spotted , it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser . the system is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the humvee and joint light tactical vehicle .
matthew weathers , a teacher at biola university in california , put in a great deal of planning to pull off a lesson that would have engaged even the sleepiest student at the back of the room . he often posts videos of himself tricking his class on his youtube channel .
susan pease gadoua 's new book , the new i do , claims that the traditional marriage model in our modern-day culture ` sets up too many people for failure ' . couples in a starter marriage agree to be together for ` two , three , four or more years -- whatever works for you and your partner ' .
the 21-year-old singer argued with security after being stopped at the artists ' entrance where drake was performing at the event in indio , california . a video obtained by tmz appears to shows bieber being put in a chokehold and escorted from the area . they showed they had proper wristbands , but were told by bouncers that the area was at capacity .
the miniature chocolate amphibians , which weighed a plump 20g two years ago , will now weigh just 12g . cadbury 's spokesman julian polachek said : ` we 're making a change to the size of the product because of manufacturing cost increases that we can no longer absorb ' . the best-selling blocks dropped from 220 grams to 200 grams .
miley cyrus , 22 , attended the 30th annual rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony on saturday in cleveland , ohio . miley , who is known and loved for her controversial sartorial choices , displayed a somewhat bushy underarm region as she posed for a social media snap .
jamie silvonek , 14 , is accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial . her boyfriend , 20-year-old caleb barnes , who is from el paso , texas , is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . the teen 's mother found out about their relationship in early march and ordered them to end it .
staff attorneys at the u.s. justice department 's antitrust division are nearing a recommendation to block comcast corps . $ 45.2 billion proposal to merge with time warner cable inc. , bloomberg business reports . as reports surface that the multi-billion-dollar deal may be blocked .
the national rifle association gathered on saturday to condemn barack obama and hillary clinton as ` elitists ' who will ` dismantle our freedoms and reshape america into an america that you and i will not even recognize ' . in the annual meeting that attracts more than 70,000 people , ceo wayne lapierre celebrated the republican majority in the u.s. senate as evidence of the group 's political clout . but he urged members to stand up against looming gun
sasha , 14 , was spotted listening to earbuds as she , sister malia and their parents ditched the white house for an impromptu trip to great falls park in virginia on sunday . the unscheduled trip came after white house had sent reporters home for the day , sending the presidential press pool into a temporary tumult about where president obama and the first family had gone .
the medical incident officer joined the team caring for patients . it came as the west midlands ambulance service demanded action . the proportion of patients seen within the government maximum of four hours at a&e departments in england is below the target of 95 per cent again . nhs england said 92.5 per cent of patients spent four hours or less from arrival to admission , transfer or discharge in the week ending april 12 .
paddy power wrote : ` newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male ' . it was accompanied by a smirking picture of liverpool boss brendan rodgers . others lined up to condemn the bookmakers describing the tweet as ` deplorable ' , ` horrible ' and ` disgusting ' .
swedish scientists analysed more than 10,000 families with children aged two to 14 who did not have the condition . the researchers found many were among those badly affected by events in their formative years . children who experience stressful events such as a death or illness in the family , divorce or separation , could be three times more likely to develop type 1 diabetes .
new exhibition from the museum of the city of new york shows the former landmarks that were destroyed before they could be preserved by the city 's landmark law . the loss of the old penn station , which was replaced by madison square garden , helped lead to the establishment of a commission that can designate historic places .
ann malsbury , 22 , also battered lee judson , 21 , with a saucepan and hair straighteners . the chef 's ex-boyfriend had gone round to her home in coventry to collect his belongings . when mr judson bent down to pick up something , he jumped on his back and wrapped a white ipod lead around his neck before trying to throttle him . she then armed herself with a large carving knife and stabbed at him several times with the blade . m
dale lyman , a spokesman for the greeley fire department , says firefighters were called to the site shortly after 1 p.m. on friday . they had to wait for the explosion risk to subside so they could use fire suppression foam to extinguish the fire . nearby homes were evacuated , however no injuries were reported .
freckly-faced carrot tops once mocked for their distinctive hair are flourishing into flame-haired sex symbols as the redhead takes the celebrity world by storm . damian lewis , 54 , told the sunday times magazine : ` this might be a unique moment in recent history : redheads everywhere are doing well ' .
zane gbangbola died at home in the middle of the night after being poisoned by gas . police and other official agencies ruled out fears the fumes had come from a nearby landfill site . but now the mail on sunday can reveal the damning evidence that proves the authorities knew for 14 months that hydrogen cyanide gas capable of killing zane had leaked into the family 's home .
five sailors who committed suicide had been serving with the australian navy on hmas stirling off the coast of western australia . their families did not learn of their previous attempts to take their own lives and their drug use until after their deaths . stuart addison was left devastated by his loss and was dealt a further blow when navy records revealed his son had tired to take his own life twice before .
daniel pena had spent hours planning the perfect way to pop the question to his girlfriend alex. the pair had been driving together when she misunderstood the proposal . the final question mark was hidden in the car ready for the teen to pull out at the end to ask his girlfriend in person . but sadly his elaborate set-up did not go to plan after alex missed the crucial first sign with her name on .
lewis hamilton drew criticism from around the world when he aimed the fizz directly as the face of 23-year-old grid girl liu siying . the shanghai institute of visual art graduate , who was a ` podium girl ' at the chinese grand prix , said she did n't think much about the incident and was n't annoyed . sexism campaigners called hamilton 's behaviour ` selfish ' but she did not think too much about it .
duncan burton , 57 , was released in november 2012 after 14-years behind bars but was allowed to work for uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs . burton served 14 years of an 18 year sentence for trying to distribute five kilos or more of cocaine .
two-year-old libby jane wilson was savaged by a jack russell . she was enjoying a day out with her father alex knight at the yarrow valley country park in chorley , lancashire . the toddler had been playing in a tunnel when she was pounced on by the pet , which bit her face .
luiz antonio , from brazil , was presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table . but instead of digging into the seafood feast , he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from with english subtitles detailing his train of thought .
nasa 's landsat 7 satellite shows ` ribbons ' of sand and patterned stripes in the erg chech , a desolate sand sea in southwestern algeria . the exact cause of these longitudinal structures is not known . ridges are categorised as linear when they are significantly longer than they are wide , and they occur on isolated ridges of dunes .
mexican soldiers arrested nine people before they managed to dig under the border and successfully into american territory . the 66ft deep route was wired with lights , ventilation and what appears to be a cart system by the gang of drugs runners . officials believe if it had been left undiscovered it would have surfaced somewhere just inside u.s. territory .
australian prime minister tony abbott was cheered on by a crowd of about 50 as he skolled a schooner of beer . julie robert , a cultural studies professor at the university of technology sydney , said it was ` problematic ' that the prime minister thought it acceptable to ` showcase his masculinity ' . dr robert warned people can forget their limits when they are wrapped up in the act of demonstrating how much , or how quickly , they can drink .
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer . despite the fact mr clark spent his # 50,000 life savings on contributing to his care . now , the council want to move him from the house he has lived in . but help for heroes has launched its own justgiving page .
evelin mezei , 12 , was spotted with the man at around 10.30 pm yesterday . she was last seen by her mother in east london , scotland yard said . but the youngster , who came to the uk six months ago , was traced . detectives had released a cctv image and appealed for information .
shane dunn , 25 , stabbed victim ian garrod , 55 , in the neck after meeting him on the gay dating app grindr . but when the 55-year-old sat on the bed , dunn - who was said to be ` cool as a cucumber ' during the attack - stabbed him in the throat . he was later caught after police examined two cigarette butts found in mr garrod 's garden - both of which had dna linking to the attacker .
a group of 15 men were arrested on suspicion of ` multiple aggravated murder motivated by religious hate ' . last week after 12 christians from ghana and nigeria were allegedly thrown off a rubber dinghy into the mediterranean sea . survivors from the boat , made up of 105 migrants , have now claimed the men tried to throw other christians off the side of the vessel after an argument about religion .
ed miliband urges himself to ` stay calm , never agitated ' and ` relish the chance to show who i am ' . his scrawled notes give an insight into his mindset before he took to the rostrum with the six other party leaders . tory mp charlie elphicke said such ` marketing speak ' was ` cringe-worthy ' .
kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on tuesday when he was seen sleeping in daytona beach , florida , police captain dwayne dean said . the arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into wayne county community college in goldsboro , where he had previously studied , and shot dead the print shop director , ron lane . lane , who had worked at the college for 18 years , had supervised
jade ruthven , 33 , of perth , western australia , was shocked when she found the scathing note claiming to be from ` a few of the girls ' . cruelly criticising her for posting photos of her six-month-old daughter addison on facebook . the author claims the rant was written on behalf of everyone who views jade 's facebook posts .
sarah and her husband james crusaded against gun violence after he was shot during an assassination attempt on former us president ronald reagan in 1981 . the brady campaign and center to prevent gun violence , named in their honor , said they were ` heartbroken ' at the news of her death . mrs brady died friday from pneumonia .
jondrew lachaux , 39 , is married to the teenager 's mother kellie phillips . they have six children together while the teen is from another relationship . the pair decided to go on a road trip in california for over six months . they rented a vehicle which did not have enough space for all the family . they left the teen and her three-year-old sister behind .
four vinceni girls were dragged kicking and screaming from their mother 's home in the middle of the night to go back to live with their father in 2012 . the four sisters , including the two older girls emil and claire , had a ` monster ' of a father who abused them and their mother , or so the story went after the girls were removed . what had led up to the removal of the four girls in australia and their return to italy was the fact that their
robert bates , 73 , is free on $ 25,000 bail and is charged with second-degree manslaughter for the death of eric harris on april 2 . the tulsa county sheriff 's office falsified the training and firearms records of bates ' supervisors when they refused to sign off on forged field training hours . the allegations come after claims the wealthy ceo ` paid to play cop ' . bates fired his handgun instead of his taser , killing 44-year
the inaugural top spots in the album rankings have been claimed by noel gallagher , 47 . last year saw more than one million albums sold on vinyl for the first time in almost two decades after seven years of steady growth . sales are expected to hit two million this year , in recognition of this trend .
kamron taylor was caught in south side , chicago , with a loaded gun on friday night after police received a tip off describing a man with the name ` gertrude ' tattooed to his neck . officers chased taylor three blocks before he was apprehended . he is being held on weapons charges until he can be turned over to the kankakee county sheriff 's office .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists . he pleaded not guilty to the charges friday in a columbus . federal prosecutors charging him with supporting terrorism and making false statements say he was being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the united states .
max verschuuren , 21 , was bent over emptying rocks out of his boot on his way to a felled deer in the te urewera forest , north island , on saturday night . his mate mistook him for a deer and shot him in the back with a .270 rifle . doctors have stitched up the hunter after he was shot . mr verschuh has been hunting all his life .
an investigation of remarks by major general james post iii found that his words to some 300 airmen may have had a ` chilling effect ' on some of them . the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying , tank-killer aircraft , which is highly regarded by ground troops .
american apparel , known for its sexually suggestive advertising strategy , is looking to alter its risqué image by debuting a ` pro-women ' ad campaign featuring its female staffers . the first print ad , which shows images of various female american apparel employees , has the words ` hello ladies ' emblazoned across the page .
angelina jolie is australia 's answer to lara croft in the gaming world . the 28-year-old has more than 8,000 global followers on streaming platform twitch . bonnie 's twitch channel has had almost one million views so far . the brisbane gamer known only as bonnie doll starts up her xbox .
alan barnes , 67 , was knocked to the ground by mugger richard gatiss . the crime shocked britain and led to a fund being set up by local beautician . mr barnes said it felt ` fantastic ' to be in his new home as he showed off its modern kitchen .
cameron hooker , 61 , was handed a 104-year sentence in 1985 for the kidnap , torture and rape of colleen stan . the case made international headlines and stan was known as ` the girl in the box ' after it was revealed she was forced into a coffin-like structure for 23 hours a day . despite hooker 's century-long jail term , he was allowed to request parole seven years earlier than under the normal rules . but the parole board at corcoran
the average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio . this was 14 % down on a decade earlier , when listeners clocked up 11.6 hours . sources blamed the downward trend on people leading faster-paced lives than in the past , and a change in habits amongst young people .
foot-long clip shows s300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth . it scarcely gets off the launchpad and is followed by a small plume of smoke , before it can be seen dropping out of the sky . seconds later the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover and a huge explosion can be heard .
david letterman was attempting to warm up the studio audience ahead of his show on monday when he made the off-colour gag . they asked what advice the scandal-hit comic would give to this year 's graduates . but the joke received a frosty reception from the shocked crowd . several audience members at the ed sullivan theater were furious over the sexist joke .
sylvia freedman was enjoying a family trip away at avoca beach in the central coast , about 95kms north of sydney . she filmed the disturbing scene that stretched out for more than 15 metres from the top of the beach pathway to beyond the water 's edge . ms freedman and her family were forced to leave the holiday house after their power went out on tuesday .
roman ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class . but that did n't stop his unknowing peers from relishing in his outrageous act . the candid snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted , with many commenting on how roman is their hero .
mikki nicholson , 36 , stepped in front of a train , on november 7 last year . she had planned a move to newcastle , where she had hoped people would be more accepting . but she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing . inquest heard how she had spent time as an inpatient at carleton clinic . for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 ,
for many years carbohydrates such as white bread and pasta have been seen as the enemy for anyone trying to keep their waistline slim . but doctors are concerned with the increasing trend that 's seeing people cut whole food groups out of their diets , especially healthier options like wholegrains . experts warn that shunning an entire food group is unsustainable , can damage one 's relationship with food and could be doing more harm than good .
the state dmv is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos . chase culpepper , 17 , was born male but now identifies as female , regularly wears makeup and and androgynous or women 's clothing . she was told to remove her makeup because of a policy that bans license photos when someone is purposefully altering his or her appearance .
former first minister alex salmond caught boasting : ` i 'm writing labour 's budget ' . boris johnson and david cameron joined forces to question the legitimacy of the snp 's plan to try to put ed miliband in downing street . snp has declared it will never support the conservatives in a hung parliament .
the duchess of cambridge has the power to send sales of high-street designs sky-rocketing , so it 's little surprise that her offspring have the same effect . if prince george 's first year boosted the economy by # 247m , anything that the second-born touches will turn to gold and copycat designs .
general martin dempsey , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , sent a letter saying he regretted that he ` added to the grief ' of debbie lee . the 28-year-old , the first navy seal to die in iraq , was fatally wounded while providing covering fire from a building in the heavily-contested city .
the 120 dairy workers can tuck into a fine-dining meal for as little as # 2 - all made from organic and locally sourced food . most of the vegetables and fruit are grown by a community farm five miles away , meat comes from the firm 's own holt farm or a local butchers .
the 25-year-old boytoy is the lover of a dominican woman in her late 30s . he invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in brooklyn . the apartment block was named in a league table of complaints made to new york authorities about loud sex .
ermias ghermay is thought to have made # 72m with mered medhanie . he is said to have boasted : ` they say i put too many aboard , but they 're the ones who want to leave in a hurry ' . he was heard laughing on a police wiretap about overloading migrant ships .
the prime minister and outgoing leader of the commons will launch the english document . it follows traditional scottish , welsh and northern irish manifestos . its centrepiece will be a pledge to introduce a system of ` english votes for english laws ' -- giving english mps an effective veto over legislation applying only to their constituents .
kristina karo alleges she was a classmate of ms kunis , 31 , who moved to the u.s. from ukraine in 1991 , and that the pair were ` inseparable ' growing up . karo , now living in los angeles , claims a seven-year-old , ms karo had been ` envious ' of her pet hen and that 25 years ago , she stole it from her . she alleges that when ` doggie ' disappeared , ms k
madison avery crotty , from san diego , is seen crying until her doting dad decides to try out his terrifying impersonation . in a new video posted online , the wriggling one-month-old seems to doze off as soon as thomas ` buddy ' starts his deep breathing technique . he 's seen looking delighted to discover that his daughter finds the star wars sound soothing .
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone enjoyed a bottle of wine during their first night at their new apartment in astoria , queens , on last night . the two even ended the first day in their new home sharing a bedroom together . jaclyn hinted that physical intimacy is definitely going to develop .
sacha whitehead , 26 , received donations after posting a call to facebook saying she would pick up the much-needed items and drive them into sydney cbd . the dee why-based financial adviser spent the night with her sister lexi handing the generous contributions out to the homeless . an hour after posting her plea , whitehead was inundated with offers from people offering donations .
patrick jones of buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign , which saw signs a series of pro-feminist signs being placed on several streets . while the women he spoke to all called the practice ` disgusting , ' saying it makes them feel ` horrible ' and ` uncomfortable ' . one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public .
joseph oberhansley , from jeffersonville , indiana , is charged with murder and abuse of a corpse in the death of 46-year-old tammy jo harbin blanton last september . prosecutors say they will recommend the death penalty . the motion to change the charges comes after lab results for the victim 's body were returned .
timothy s. pappa , an fbi agent , claims that xiaoming gao was paid ` thousands of dollars to provide information on u.s. persons and a government employee ' . that information was provided to individuals she thought to be chinese intelligence officers . despite these claims , she was never prosecuted by the government .
elijah mckenna suffered two wide , bloody gashes on his back of his head and numerous deep bite marks all over his face and body . his neighbor 's three dogs attacked him near his grandmother 's home in moore , oklahoma , saturday . but the child 's family say if it were not for elijah 's fearless 9-year-old sister , alyssa , the special-needs boy most likely would have been dead .
amber anderson , 27 , has since been relieved of her duties at christian life academy in baton rouge . she was booked into prison on tuesday and is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile . anderson had been a math teacher at the school for three years and the alleged relationship took place during july and august 2013 .
dozens of people who visited cooden beach hotel came down with vomiting , diarrhoea and other symptoms of the highly-contagious airborne bug . health officials said it is believed that 100 people have been affected by the ` winter vomiting bug ' . owner james kimber has issued an apology to guests and staff .
alice liveing , from gerrards cross , buckinghamshire , began her healthy journey just over a year ago . she has completely transformed her body with the help of healthy eating and the ldn muscle bikini guide . in these instagram snaps alice shows off toned arms , something she said she had previously struggled with .
the $ 9.95-a-month -lrb- # 9.99 -rrb- service ranked at 872 on the overall download chart . following the launch the app jumped to 4th place on the ios music chart . while in the uk the situation is worse , with the app ranking at 92 in the music app category , and disappearing from the overall app list entirely .
tracey cox says that gwyneth and chris ' amicable split is refreshing and something we can learn from . the more you both focus on that and think of what 's best for the children . if you spend the whole time sniping at each other with pasted , fake smiles , there is no point .
abigail ahern says walking into her own colourful home gives her a ` squishy feeling of contentment ' everyday . the designer says the colours used by kelly wearstler in her malibu beachhouse as ` the most beautiful and complex i 've ever seen ' . the inspirational photographs in the book come from homes across the world .
scientists have found a system of priming the body 's immune system to recognise , attack and kill off cancerous cells in lung , skin and bowel tumours . survival rates were boosted by more than 50 per cent , according to results published in the journal nature last night . scientists are now recruiting patients with skin cancer for the first clinical trial on humans .
karen buckley , 24 , was found dead at a farm in kelvinside , glasgow . she had been drinking heavily on the night of her death , her friends say . judge nigel cadbury mentioned the 24-year-old during a separate court hearing . said she had only a few drinks before leaving a club .
amanda berry and gina dejesus recalled the years of rapes , torture and psychological games at the hands of ariel castro . the brave survivors have written a book , hope : a memoir of survival in cleveland , which will be released on april 27 . amanda recalled how she learned from tv news that her mother died of a heart attack , aged 43 , while she was ` chained like a dog ' in castro 's home .
doris fuller 's daughter , natalie , 28 , suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis , and died when she stepped in front of a train in baltimore , maryland , last month . in the wake of her death , fuller has written about how her illness , which went undiagnosed until her early 20s , and she was ` the bravest person i have ever known ' . the mother and daughter pair had shot to fame in 2004 when they collaborated on a parenting guide
pm made the comment as host phillip schofield moved on to the next item . he said : ` up next , a man who can pinch your wallet , your watch and even your tie without you noticing ' . mr cameron admitted the ` close election ' means he is not getting to see his family as much as he would like .
australian shoppers will no longer be offered second best a season late . the department store , which stocks top end australian labels including alex perry , toni maticevski , lisa ho as well as international labels balmain , dkny and alexander mcqueen .
judge lila statom has become a viral sensation thanks to her incredible take down of one gang member who dared try to claim an area as ` his hood ' . statom said she wanted to show smith he was n't ` in control everywhere ' . she told the judge he shot a rival gang member for being there .
the four-propeller , 50-centimeter wide drone was spotted by member of the prime minister 's staff . it was equipped with a small camera and a plastic bottle containing small traces of a radioactive substance . it is not known who flew the drone onto the building but it is widely suspected it was someone protesting against the country 's nuclear policy .
prime minister 's wife was campaigning with conservative candidate alec shelbrooke in the seat of elmet and rothwell . she visited the growing zone , an allotment garden project for adults and children with special needs in kippax , west yorkshire . mrs cameron said the best thing about campaigning was ` getting out and about - meeting amazing people like june ' .
courtney brain , 16 , was taken out of school at skegness academy , lincolnshire . she was told she must make up the missed time for ` unauthorised absence ' . mother jane burnham , 50 , criticised ` mind-boggling ' decision to punish her .
researchers at the university of reading say chewing gum helps you forget a song . in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing gum . and they were a third less likely likely to ` hear ' it when gum . the results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts .
mail online travel reveals the best - and most bizarre things you can do with a couple of spare hours at an airport . turkey hunting is allowed in designated areas around the st. cloud regional airport , in minnesota . for around # 7 -lrb- $ 10 -rrb- permit holders can hunt wild turkey in 200 stunning acres of land .
james oatway took chilling images of mozambique national emmanuel sithole being stabbed and beaten by four men in alexandra township near johannesburg on saturday . pictures of the attack sent shockwaves around the world , with some accusing the journalist of not doing enough to prevent the victim 's death . but in a desperate twist he found it was closed because the foreign-born doctor had failed to turn up for his shift for fear of being attacked by the
ben affleck posted on social media that a ` benjamin cole ' of georgia , an ancestor on his mother 's side , was the relative dropped from the pbs show about his family history . the admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth .
south korean government paid # 2.4 million to the makers of the new avengers movie to ensure the country is shown in a positive light . much of the comic book film , avengers : age of ultron , was shot in seoul and the country 's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs . the use of public funds in what appears to be an extreme case of product placement has been criticised by south koreans .
the cruise liners , which are both owned by royal caribbean international , will both be based in southampton and serve europe . the anthem of the seas will then move to new york harbour which will become its permanent home . the ship , which has 15 decks and a capacity of more than 3,000 passengers , is widely classed as the next generation cruise liner .
lian doyle agreed to hide trainers worn by justin robertson when he murdered pennie davis because he had been paid # 1,500 by the son of the victim 's ex-lover . she was today sentenced to 10 months in prison , but was released immediately because she has already spent six months on remand .
police in shanghai seized three million knock-off condoms . they were thought to be worth nearly # 1.3 million on the black market . the lubricating oil used on the condoms was so disgusting it made them feel sick . officials did not reveal the exact metal traces found during the tests .
mel greig , 33 , married her fiancé steven pollack at byron bay in november . the couple 's efforts to have a baby had been unsuccessful because she suffers from endometriosis . since then she has discovered that some women keep their ivf treatment a secret and are embarrassed about it .
will hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker . the 26-year-old british backpacker has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency . mr hatton received a stack of money totalling over 1000 bills .
the port in sydney reopened on wednesday morning , allowing the ship made its way through the harbour to dock . holidaymakers were due to disembark the carnival spirit on tuesday morning but the storm prevented the vessel from entering the harbour . the ship has been stranded at sea due to wild weather conditions .
the duke of edinburgh has been presented with the insignia of his australian knighthood by the queen . the 93-year-old duke wore 17 medals and decorations when he visited the new ssafa charity headquarters in central london in november 2013 . the media dubbed the decision to make philip a knight of the order of australia a ` knightmare ' .
kenny hetrick is campaigning for his tigers , leopards and bears to be returned after they were seized by the state in january . in total , six tigers , a bear , a lion , a cougar , a black leopard and a liger -lrb- part lion , part tiger -rrb- were taken from his stony ridge farm after it was found he did not have the correct permit and cages were ` unsafe ' . authorities have also started cracking down on
kate 's real due date is today or tomorrow , which would tie in with comments made by the duchess herself . kate , 33 , was touring the stephen lawrence centre in deptford with prince william . the 25th remains a favourite with punters according to bookmakers ladbrokes .
emergency workers surrounded the delta air lines plane at laguardia airport after an odor of smoke was reported by the crew moments after flight 2522 touched down . passenger pamela sullins snapped photos showing a firefighter in the aisle of the mcdonnell douglas md-888 twin-engine plane .
jaime hessel said her driver had been on his phone , cut across lanes , and even driven down a bus lane during the 35 minute ` trip from hell ' from her east williamsburg apartment to midtown east . so she was stunned to receive a message from the cab-hailing app telling her she owed them thousands of dollars for the trip across boroughs . but alarms bells were triggered as soon as she got in the car to find the driver appeared distracted .
marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in channelview , texas , on march 31 . a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed by a red beanie ran into the store and jumped the counter , forcing holcomb to empty the registers before making off with $ 400 . afterwards , holcomb was given an ultimatum by her managers - replace what was taken or lose her job .
lord janner escaped justice after the uk 's top prosecutor over-ruled the advice of two of the country 's most senior qcs . director of public prosecutions alison saunders ` ignored the advice ' . both clare montgomery qc and child abuse expert eleanor laws qc offered advice which could have supported a move to prosecute .
loretta burroughs , 63 , sobbed throughout her sentencing as relatives of her late husband , danny , talked about the horror of losing him and finding out that she chopped up his body . she was arrested in may 2013 after al capone 's body parts were found inside the guest bedroom closet of the ventnor , new jersey , home she was moving out of .
karen reidy , 40 , met sakir candan , 12 years her junior , on holiday in marmaris . but the hotel worker 's dream romance turned sour when she discovered on facebook that he had been cheating on her for several months . she booked the holiday to help her through her grief . the pair holidayed around europe , backpacking in the baltics and macedonia .
the statement nineties chop , made famous by jim carrey 's lloyd christmas in dumb and dumber , has graced the heads of celebrities far and wide in recent years . one chain of british barber shops has reported a whopping 200 per cent surge in requests for the almost universally unflattering cut .
bella hadid , 18 , stars in a new shoot featured in the may issue of elle magazine , which sees her modeling a series of risque and revealing ensembles . in one image , the dark-haired beauty poses in a sheer fleur du mal lace bodysuit , with her arms thrown casually above her head .
ann rule 's son , 54-year-old andrew rule , is accused of bullying her into giving him $ 23,327 , according to court documents . prosecutors have filed a restraining order against both men to stay away from ann rule , and the two sons accused of wrongdoing are set to appear in court on april 30 .
aden gould , 21 , was told he could not return to sainsbury 's after he opened speakers . he opened two boxes containing # 25 speakers and put them back on display . staff took him into manager 's office and forced him to empty his bag . but he was immediately apprehended by security and cleared of shoplifting .
pauline bruce 's neighbour yvonne ireland evans plagued her with silent calls , taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs . it 's not the quiet and peaceful life pensioners pauline and her late husband tony expected when they moved to a static home on a community park . tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011 and continued to torment her son from a previous marriage .
michelle newman said all she heard was a ` pop ' and looked up to see her son james ' heels as he fell from the second floor of their condo in las vegas . the child had fallen out of the window , which had been propped open to let in the breeze , and died from his injuries . james was 22 months and tumbled from the window because a screen was not strong enough to hold him .
shannon carter , 21 , struck amelia gledhill , 20 , with a stiletto during a night out . she is said to have been left traumatised by the incident and is still having problems with her eyesight . she has also been left with permanent scarring and is afraid to leave the house alone .
moses yitzchok greenfeld , 19 , from stamford hill , london , was pulled from water . he had been swimming with four friends as temperatures reached 25c . eyewitness said at least seven police officers watched as boys dived in . mr greenfield may have had cardiac arrest because of shock of jumping into cold water .
the royal arrived in florence yesterday for a fashion conference . she has spent 24 hours partying with fashion 's biggest names . today , a businesslike beatrice was all ears as she listened to the speakers . she stopped to pose with us designer tory burch in the last 24 hours .
paul hellyer is urging world powers to release what he believes to be hidden data on ufos . hellyer was a canadian minister from 1963 to 1967 . he claims that the aliens have ` been visiting our planet for thousands of years ' and are unimpressed with how we live .
photographer nicolas locatelli snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above briones regional park , in california on a nikon d7100 . the student , from san francisco , said he did n't even notice the striking formation until he checked his camera . the image went viral on reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the social network .
robert butler , 43 , was transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island to the eleanor slater hospital in cranston . he was accompanied by his medical team . the operation took almost seven hours on sunday and involved the providence and cranston fire departments . mr butler was moved to his new hospital resident to monitor his health .
arthur townsend , 92 , supported himself with his zimmer frame at basildon magistrates ' court as he admitted criminal damage . the retired antiques restorer was given a lift in a car to mr carter 's address where he dumped the brown-coloured paint stripper on the van , causing more than # 2,000 of damage .
the nine-week-old puppy was given to three-year-old sapphyre johnson who is missing both of her feet . on monday , the toddler exclaimed with joy the first time she ever saw a photo of lt. dan . the dog 's original owner karen riddle said that the puppy could have been euthanized .
gayla neufeld met her truck driver husband on a fat-fetish forum . the 52-year-old says men love her ` perfect belly ' and she gets approached by bodybuilders and doctors . thirty stone gayla was n't always so body-confident and for years she struggled to deal with her family 's unusual genetic legacy .
a japanese woman got sweet revenge on her cheating boyfriend by giving his apple collection a good wash . she took the trouble to give his imac - which start at # 899 - a single soaking . as most of us know , a substantial splash is enough to send your gadget to glitch town .
alondra luna nunez , 14 , was sent to live with a houston woman who thought she was her long-lost daughter . alondra used every ounce of her energy to fight mexican federal police officers , who were working for interpol on the orders of a texas judge . a dna test proved that she was not the daughter of dorotea garcia .
islamabad benazir bhutto international airport , in pakistan , is often cited as the worst in the world . from the long queues for security , to paying for internet connectivity that does n't work and fighting for a seat in the terminal , the allegations against these airports are varied .
geoff barrow has waded into the debate over music streaming . he said he received just # 1,700 in royalties despite his songs being played 34million times . portishead 's founder and instrumentalist attacked spotify , youtube , apple and ` especially ' universal music for selling his music cheaply .
the flub by a graphics person , made on the east coast feed of the morning show , was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online . today had interviewed 70-year-old michaels for a story matt lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by time magazine .
assistant commissioner mark rowley said isis is trying to ` pick up ' potential fighters among ` the vulnerable , people with violent backgrounds , very young people and those with mental health issues ' . mr rowley issued the warning of new tactics among islamist fanatics at the counter-terror expo at olympia , west london , yesterday .
researchers at boston university and the university of bath believe this would have meant they lost out when modern humans arrived from africa . they used computer model the amount of energy neanderthals would have been able to get from their food without cooking it compared to humans that were . they found that without fire , a neanderthal group would have had less energy - the equivalent 12 reindeer a year - than if they did .
survey by online file-sharing service lifetile found almost half rely on a safe or filing cabinet to store documents . from a marriage certificate to deeds to a house , only six per cent keep a back-up copy of vital paperwork online . just 13 per cent bother to scan it to a computer , poll found .
thusha kamaleswaran was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011 . shaun bryan , 23 , was the intended target of the shooting that shocked the nation in march 2011 . he and an accomplice subjected two women to a ` ruthless attack ' in their home in croydon , south london , on december 17 last year .
angela donohue , 43 , broke down as she explained how her husband of four years had tried to hire someone to kill her for money . daryl scott donohann tried to kill his wife , not once , but twice . over the course of their marriage , ms donohra was forced into hiding . she was forced to terrorised and terrorised her before trying to hire a ` various people ' to kill the man .
researchers at vanderbilt university in tennessee explored how best to minimise the risk of infection after surgery . they note that despite hand washing and other protocols , surgical-site infections continue to pose a problem . they urged parents to be aware of the dangers comfort items could pose , and take steps to eradicate the risk .
modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier . 21st century additions like a facebook page , an instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good . these days we are more connected than ever , but that regularly pushes a potential partner further away .
lucy southern worked behind the bar at the hotel owned by britannia hotels . she was quizzed about her sex life and asked whether she wore stockings in bed by her line manager alex nkoroi . she also claimed he stood behind her to ` grind ' up and down her back . he later stroked her back and prodded her in a private area with a pen .
churchill downs is inviting john sutton jr , 84 , to attend his 76th-straight kentucky derby as their special guest on may 2 . this week , sutton invited a reporter from wave 3 into the louisville home he shares with his wife of 61 years doris . sutton says he was just 8 years old in 1940 when his blacksmith father brought him to his first race .
hamayun tariq , a divorced 37-year-old father-of-two , was born and raised in dudley in the west midlands . he shared four images on twitter of a room where he claims to make devices known as ieds . components are seen organised on shelves and instruction manuals . he says he hopes will emerge as ` the best electronics lab in the islamic state ' .
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks nba playoffs game . the 26-year-old player ran across the court to congratulate him . footage shows nicholas looking confused at first when he 's caught off-guard and tapped on the shoulder .
maickel melamed , 39 , crossed the boston marathon finish line after 20 hours in the rain and cold . melamed has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk . the venezuelan athlete said on tuesday as he was honored at city hall .
carphone warehouse 's mobile network launches in may and will offer free roaming in 22 countries , including the us , australia and across europe . the firm 's boss told mailonline the aim is to offer features that customers want , including 12-month contracts and affordable 4g handsets . when id launches next month it will offer the most comprehensive range of roaming countries , ahead of three with 18 countries and lyca on 17 .
prime minister to announce extra 600,000 childcare spaces at cost of # 350 million . he will tell the audience that the conservative party wants to reward hard work . mr cameron will also argue ` true compassion is n't giving people a benefits cheque ' . the conservatives have pledged to reduce tax relief on pension contributions .
the unhappy diner posted a picture of her unappetising salad to franchise 's facebook account where it was ` liked ' over 2,000 times before she decided to remove it . several facebook users have left comments roasting the hogs breath , located north of brisbane , for the embarrassing mistake .
the 173 lots include the issa dress as worn by kate middleton for her engagement photos , and designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of carrie and samantha in sex and the city . the items come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner , and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity .
the reaction to the comedy sketch reflected a growing view among law enforcement and victims ' advocacy groups that it is no laughing matter when a woman educator preys on her male students . in u.s. schools last year , almost 800 school employees were prosecuted for sexual assault , nearly a third of them women .
norway has announced it will be the first country in the world to switch off its fm transmitters on january 11 2017 . now with the ever expanding number of digital radio services and growing numbers of people choosing to listen to internet radio . data for 2014 showed a major shift to streaming as opposed to physical sales and permanent downloads .
the california firm said it will announce a ` home battery ' and a ` very large utility scale battery ' in a letter sent to investors . the company already offers battery packs for its solarcity project , but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design . there are a number of home battery packs on the market . most work by powering up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper .
more than a third of nhs trusts are considering rationing some types of surgery and other treatments . several have admitted they may impose ` eligibility ' rules which could affect smokers as well as the overweight . when senior managers at 67 clinical commissioning groups were asked , 39 per cent said they were planning to ` limit access ' to routine treatment .
the onetime hewlett-packard ceo will launch a formal campaign on may 4 . but fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores told daily mail online that it 's just a rumor at this point . ' i am not confirming the wsj story , ' flores said .
obama will be sending an administration official to armenia this week to mark the 100th anniversary of the 1915 massacre by ottoman turks . the white house still refuses to call the mass killings of ethnic armenians a ` genocide ' for fear of offending ally turkey . kim kardashian , whose armenian heritage comes from her father , has used her celebrity since at least 2011 to bring awareness to the genocide .
claire sweeney has enlisted the help of hypnotherapist susan hepburn . the former brookside actress famously helped lily allen slim form a size 14 to an 8 . claire , who is a size 12 to 14 , admits she craved sugar throughout her pregnancy and could n't kick the habit afterwards .
london-based keyboard app firm swiftkey analysed more than one billion sets of emoji data to learn how 16 different languages and regions use emoji . the languages studied include english , uk and australian , spanish , vietnamese , french , malaysian , arabic , german , turkish , italian and russian . the findings of the report came from an analysis of data over a four-month period between october 2014 and january 2015 .
mailonline travel looks at the top hacks which are sure to cure any seaside holiday struggle . when travelling this summer , there are some basic travel hacks that can help make your holiday go off without a hitch . lemon is often preferred , as its known to be a great natural bleach , but orange will also work in a pinch .
zachary cain stickler , 34 , had been accused of physically assaulting his then-partner in february . before the crash on saturday , stickler had sent text messages to friends and family indicating he was distraught and planned to kill himself . he had been charged with felony count of making criminal threats and a misdemeanor battery charge .
teng jiazhi or ` uncle teng , ' from shenyang , china , came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30 c . the 58-year-old then uploads them to his page on a popular chinese social media website .
erica avery , 17 , was cuffed and hauled out of a broward county courtroom tuesday after being accused of using the internet , which itself violated the conditions set just one month prior when she was first released on $ 100,000 bond . avery and four other teens are charged with armed sexual battery and kidnapping in connection with the 2013 assault on a victim in hollywood , florida .
anna james , 32 , has vowed to defy the school 's ban on taking her children to the ` obby ` oss celebrations - claiming the rituals are part of her religion , culture and heritage ' . the school blocked her request under a government crackdown on unauthorised absences announced in 2013 .
abby gordon-cody , 26 , from droitwich , worcestershire , works as a special effects make-up artist with the daily challenge of trying to find ways of slicing off fingers and impaling bodies . she says that her work can involve beautifying rather than horrifying a client .
alice barker snapped her fingers and sang along as videos of her routines as a chorus line dancer during the 1930s harlem renaissance played on the screen . barker had danced at legendary clubs like the apollo , cotton club and zanzibar club , and had appeared in movies commercials and television shows .
magnificent carpets of wild bluebells have sprung up this week , adding beautiful splashes of colour to balmy spring weather . parts of northern scotland could see daytime temperatures drop to 10c by monday and there is a chance of snow on higher ground . tomorrow is set to be another fine day for many places , although it will be cloudy to start in some central and eastern areas .
ukip leader nigel farage told itv 's julie etchingham about his childhood . the 51-year-old also discussed his battle with testicular cancer . mr farage resisted the temptation to let the itv cameras into this home . he said : ` well i did a bit of skinny dipping and a few things like that ' .
warning : graphic content . eloise aimee parry , 21 , died this month after buying 2,4-dinitrophenol online . five others have died since 2008 after buying it online to slim down . her mother said drug was simple to concoct , adding : ` a student with a decent grade in a-level chemistry could work out how to synthesise this ' .
rajpal singh , 34 , had swallowed 140 coins , 150 nails and a handful of nuts . he had also gulped down screws , nails and magnets . doctors were amazed when an endoscopy -lrb- a long thin tube with a camera attached to the end -rrb- revealed hundreds of foreign objects in mr singh 's stomach .
ceciz güven is the supervisor of site security at lone pine , the hilltop battlefield cemetery that will host the second australian dawn service on anzac day . there have been questions about security at gallipoli following recent terror arrests in australia and ongoing instability in syria .
lib dem leader condemned david cameron 's appeal to ukip supporters to ` come home ' . mr clegg said mr farage 's ` mask is slipping ' to reveal a man uncomfortable talking about people who are not white ` lashing out ' in a scrabble for headlines .
study found there was a ` macho culture ' in some parts of the construction industry , with two thirds of workers who spent nearly seven hours a day outdoorst hinking they were not at risk . more than half -lrb- 59 % -rrb- of those questioned reported having had sunburn - a major contributor to skin cancer - at least once in the last year .
the giant internal organ reportedly weighed a colossal 6lbs -lrb- 2.7 kg -rrb- . it was extracted from a 45-year-old suffering from adpkd . this condition causes fluid-filled cysts to grow in the kidneys . surgeons have removed the kidneys , which weighed as much as a newborn baby .
holly nicole solomon , now 31 , admitted to running over her husband daniel in a mesa parking lot after an argument where she said that her family would ` face hardship ' . solomon was six months pregnant at the time , originally pleaded not guilty to charges of aggravated assault and disorderly conduct for the incident . but now will serve three and a half years in prison following a plea deal .
president barack obama visited the subtropical swamps of the park today as part of a push to get americans thinking and talking about the damage climate change is causing close to home . he said this afternoon in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day . ` climate change can no longer be edited out , ' he said , as well as the economies of their surrounding towns , which rely heavily on tourist dollars .
robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010 . the pair disagreed on the level of involvement mr boardwine would have in his son 's life , with ms bruce intent on raising him alone .
the australian securities and investments commission -lrb- asic -rrb- took action against the supermarket company last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems . asic also found that aldi failed to disclose it charges consumers paying by credit card in some of its stores .
steve spowart helped the horses ' owner , sonia sharrock , to lead the animals to safety near dungog , in the nsw hunter valley region . he paddled out to where the horses were stranded , past trees , bushes and fences submerged in the floodwater that was almost as high as his shoulders .
figures from the trussell trust were seized on by labour and the tuc . tory benefits chief iain duncan smith questioned the numbers . he said the best way to help families was to get people into work . comes amid growing controversy over the spread of food banks . said by supporters to show that hunger is commonplace and need overwhelming .
sharon and nick chalwell put out a desperate call earlier this month after nine failed rounds of ivf and one failed egg donor attempt . after sharing their story with a perth radio station the couple were inundated with women willing to help them realise their dream of starting a family . during their search they were put in touch with shannon mann who has a two-year-old son , lucas .
blamed initially on ` engine failure ' , it emerged on tuesday that a government jet carrying serbia 's president to italy was forced to turn back . when the co-pilot spilled coffee on the instrument board . advisers to president tomislav nikolic described being . ` thrown around the cabin ' when the plane began tumbling through the air on . friday .
omar hallak , principal of al-taqwa college in melbourne , reportedly bans his female students from running . the age reported that the victorian registration and qualifications authority is currently investigating the allegations . mr hallak was telling students at his school that islamic state was not ` created ' by muslims , but was instead a plot against them by the west .
the nfl expects 6,000 of nearly 20,000 retired players to suffer from alzheimer 's disease or moderate dementia someday . the deal comes after the league has been dogged for years by complaints that it long hid the risks of repeated concussions in order to return players to the field .
bianca london , anucyia victor and martha cliff used facetune to edit their selfies . the # 2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ` perfection ' . most of the tools are easy to use and you simply have to zoom and pan , then use your finger to paint on the effect .
austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week . he 'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend . bites from the cottonmouth are known to cause extreme swelling and can lead to death .
lucas hinch , 37 , took the 9mm pistol he 'd recently purchased on craigslist out behind organica herb & tea co. , which he operates with his girlfriend , and ` fired 8 shots into the computer with a handgun ' . finch , who runs an organic herb and tea shop , was cited for discharging a firearm within city limits .
ra ahmed ghlam had shot himself in the leg before his arrest by anti-terrorist officers in the 13th arrondissement in southern paris on sunday . police found arabic documents mentioning isis and al qaeda at the it student 's home , as well as evidence on his computer . sunday 's arrest came just hours after the murder of aurelie chatelain , a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor .
a five-year-old iranian girl has spent more than a year in australia 's offshore nauru detention centre . the girl 's father has applied for a protection visa for his family after fearing for his life and fleeing the military police in iran . the visa can take up to three years to process according to the department of immigration .
human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the uk , including one that was used to fund a housing development in slovakia . in some cases , ` customers ' from outside the eu are requesting women with eu passports so they can make them pregnant . the vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages .
the flamboyant regalia is made by maria - played by julie andrews - at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings ' drab uniforms . now , seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic , are expected to fetch $ 800,000 when they are auctioned off at nate d. sanders on april 30 .
samantha rawcliffe , 40 , lost all control of her body and crashed her car . she blamed her uncontrollable shaking in the aftermath of the accident . but over the following days , she feared something else was to blame . tests revealed she was suffering functional neurological disorder - an umbrella term to cover a range of neurological symptoms .
european commission antitrust chief margrethe vestager said gazprom was barring eu clients from selling on its gas to other states . russian foreign minister sergei lavrov said the charges were ` absolutely unacceptable ' . the european union 's investigation opened in september 2012 .
noaa fisheries in maryland says the humpback whale is no longer endangered . they want to break up global population into 14 sub-populations . ten of these will be ` not at risk ' , two ` threatened ' and two still ` endangered ' . it follows a conservation ` success story ' that raised numbers to 90,000 .
ricky woolaston , 35 , posed as a university maintenance engineer to break into students ' houses and steal laptops . but he left behind his bag at the scene of one of the crimes . officers searched the rucksack and found it contained a police charge sheet . he was arrested last friday and has now been sentenced to four years in prison .
the map was created by looking at the official twitter accounts for each team , using their followers as an indicator of allegiance . liverpool may be struggling in the premier league and looking at a 2015-16 campaign without champions league football . in manchester , it is a win for louis van gaal 's united who dominate the area apart from gorton where rivals city are more popular .
scientists from ghent university in belgium say all sweet potatoes contain ` foreign dna ' . agrobacterium bacteria in the crop exchanges genes between species . this makes sweet potatoes a ` natural genetically modified organism ' . and humans have been eating it for thousands of years . the remarkable finding shows that it contains a type of natural gmos . it is one of the earliest domesticated crops with archeological findings in caves of the cholca canyon in peru that are 8,000
gregg manderson , 68 , of st paul , minnesota , first sought medical attention after he got twinkle twinkle little star trapped inside his mind last may . he has also hallucinated the theme song to the western 1950s television show cheyenne had the same mysterious bugle call stuck in his head for years . doctors have yet to find a cure for the military-style revelry .
charlotte blakeway was discovered dead in the bath at her home in shropshire . the 17-year-old had been studying film , performance , english and sociology . her mother elizabeth said her daughter was talented singer who dreamed of becoming an actress . friends have took to a facebook memorial page to pay tribute to her .
matthew riches allegedly dropped the drug into the clubber 's drink at the roof gardens in kensington in august last year . the 29-year-old , from epsom in surrey , dressed in a smart pinstripe suit and blue tie , appeared at isleworth crown court .
the man ran into bushland after police stopped a blue hyundai getz car . but on thursday evening 7 news captured the moment when he was finally arrested by police . police are investigating whether the body is that of missing woman daniella d'addario , 35 , who was reported missing on monday .
the bash-the-rich candidate flew first class from boston to washington , d.c. after wrapping up a two-day new hampshire campaign trip . ` mrs. clinton , when are you going to start talking to the press about benghazi ? ' daily mail online asked her in the washington reagan national airport terminal . the usually garrulous and broad-smiling clinton stared straight ahead , continued walking alongside her secret service and local police escorts .
hayley carney will undergo surgery to complete her gender transition . she will then have six months to apply for a marriage visa . but it was only after meeting anne in an online support group . she decided to make a move to the country she ` has always wanted to call home ' .
robbie knievel , 52 , was speeding in an suv on tuesday evening when he rear-ended a honda , causing a chain-reaction crash involving two other cars . no one was injured . after the crash , he drove off but his car was found nearby and he was seen walking about a block away , according to butte-silver bow undersheriff george skuletich . officers noticed that he had a bloody lip and smelled of alcohol , but he refused
the intrepid sheepdog was at the controls when he sent the farm utility vehicle down a steep bank , on to the central reservation barrier . don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks . traffic scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups due to a dog taking control of tractor .
the 446 people on board the italian rescue vessel , the navy said 59 of them were children , who were no doubt unaware just how perilous their boat trip could have been . the same could n't be said for the 900 men , women and children feared dead after their boat capsized on sunday .
dr christopher valentine used his ipod to take illicit photos of patients . the 52-year-old was sacked from a sexual health clinic and hauled before the general medical council nine years ago . his behaviour was branded ` inappropriate ' but he was not struck off and went to work at an nhs service for drug addicts and alcoholics .
william smith was just 15 when he fell in love with his best friend 's mother . the couple , from crawley , west sussex , shared their first date and kiss . they came under fire from family and friends for the substantial age gap . they tied the knot six years ago after being together for four years .
ukip leader said ` millions ' of refugees could arrive on boats in europe . he urged prime minister david cameron to resist pressure at emergency summit of eu leaders in brussels tomorrow . up to 30,000 migrants , including 2,500 children , could be killed this year unless crisis is tackled .
bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw said clarkson ` will be back ' on the bbc . he said the 54-year-old would return to the corporation once he had ` had some time ' . the executive insisted there was ` no ban on jeremy being on bbc ' .
scientists at the university of southern california believe they have made a breakthrough in their understanding of the condition . they have identified a gene , named nox3 , found in the inner ear , that is crucial in determining how vulnerable a person is to developing hearing loss . their research is the first published genome-wide association study on noise-induced hearing loss in mice .
kim richards , 50 , was arrested last week and charged with public intoxication , trespassing , resisting an officer and battery on a police officer . three of richards ' children , brooke , 29 , chad , 22 and kimberly , 20 , were there to support their mother , were shell-shocked by their mom 's outburst . dr phil mcgraw apparently snubbed dr phil 's offer of help as eyewitnesses in the hallway heard her scream ` f
university of illinois scientists have created the first 3d simulation of merging black holes in a disk . it shows what happens when two supermassive black holes collide . the simulation was led by scientists and included dr roman gold , dr vasileios paschalidis , dr stuart shapiro , and dr harald pfeiffer . to make the simulation , the researchers used einstein 's general theory of relativity coupled with equations that govern how matter moves near the speed of light
the uco stormproof matches are made using an incredibly tough coating . smoulders no matter what happens to it and will start burning again . the matches cost # 5.47 -lrb- $ 7.99 -rrb- from uco 's website and are available from the uk distributor dalesman international .
researchers say male stegosaurus could have used them to show off their prowess in much the same way as peacocks do today . the research has also helped to answer a problem that has baffled palaeontologists for decades . they say that the key differences between the sexes lie in bones near the base of the tail .
police in memphis have arrested a woman who they say was drunk driving and allowed a 10-year-old girl to take over the wheel of her car . laura eugenia smith faces multiple charges , including dui , child endangerment and public intoxication . in an affidavit , police say a witness noticed the girl driving smith 's car with smith sitting in the passenger seat . he used his truck to block the exit so that smith could not leave while he called police .
the whole pantry founder revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in an interview published in the latest edition of the australian women 's weekly . gibson said she was not seeking forgiveness . ' i just think -lrb- it -rrb- was the responsible thing to do above anything , i would like people to say , ` okay , she 's human ' . the confession was the first time she has spoken publicly since .
raquel d'apice , a comedian and mother-of-one from new jersey , has put her own personal spin on crowd-sourced assessments by creating yelp reviews of newborns . entertaining collection of spoof critiques that highlight the real struggles plaguing new parents today . raquel , who posts the reviews on her parenting blog the ugly volvo , told today she came up with the idea of the parody posts .
yom hazikaron - or memorial day - is held the day before israel 's independence day , linking the sacrifice of soldiers with the creation and protection of the state . under law all places of entertainment , including cinemas , theatres and nightclubs are closed during the sombre day .
scientists have discovered a 1,900-year-old hangover cure written on an ancient egyptian papyrus . written in greek , one of the medical recipes offers advice for how to tackle a ` drunken headache ' . the text recommends stringing the leaves of the evergreen plant , also called ruscus racemosus , together and possibly wearing it around the neck .
graeme finlay , 53 , is accused of attacking husband ronald and june phillips . the pair were on board a cruise ship off lanzarote in glasgow last year . finlay said he acted in self-defence after being attacked by ron phillip . he said he only swung his arms to defend himself when he joined their table .
cetaphil gentle cleanser is responsible for the glowing skin of a host of stars including britain 's got talent judge amanda holden and actresses charlize theron and olivia wilde . miss holden , 44 , revealed it is her secret to remaining fresh-faced .
monica mcdermott , 41 , could not walk straight when police stopped her black lexus on a road in macclesfield , cheshire . the mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt on churchill way and had to be restrained . she told the court she had drank a bottle of wine while her son was away on a trip .
rspca officers discovered the five illegal pit bull terrier-type dogs . they had been brutally trained to take part in illegal dog fights . one of the dogs ears had been bitten off . all five illegal dogs - dingo , sheeba , zula , fenton and mousey - were ordered to be destroyed .
authorities in el salvador have moved prisoners from two of the country 's hyper-violent gangs into the same prison for the first time . in a potentially incendiary move , barrio 18 members at the jail will mix with their rivals from the mara salvatrucha gang , or ms-13 . they will all be classified not by their gang affiliation , but by how dangerous they are .
gary glitter was 11 when pervert glitter stole her childhood . she told how she still suffers frightening flashbacks of the abuse that turned her into a virtual recluse . now 21 , bravely admitted : ' i cry out in my sleep almost every night . i have nightmares about it all of the time and i need to take pills to sleep ' .
erik de vries , 24 , and josephine egberts , 22 , were separated back in 1999 after their parents ' messy break-up - only to be reunited 16 years later on tinder . despite erik and maarten 's best efforts to later track down their sister , it was only after erik moved back to the netherlands , joined tinder and swiped ` right ' on the profile .
greg hardy was convicted by a judge last july of beating , strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend , nicki holder . the decision to ban hardy followed a two-month nfl investigation that started after the dismissal of his domestic violence case in february . the panthers had originally agreed to wait to take action until hardy had a jury trial regarding the incident in may .
sir james munby says parents should use the ` carrot and the stick ' approach to make children do the things they do not want to do . he suggested confiscating mobiles and electronic gadgets , grounding teenagers , and ` threats falling short of brute force ' as suitable methods for parents to get their way .
the apple watch 1 will retail from $ 499 for the cheapest version right up to $ 24,000 for an 18-carat model . the apple watch gadget went on sale on-line in nine countries and the initial stock sold out in just a few hours . those who pre-ordered are expected to take delivery on friday .
pm said labour left millions of people trapped on welfare in system . he accused ed miliband and ed balls of having ` some brass neck ' . mr cameron said families stuck on benefits were not ` playing the system ' . he said they were ` victims of a welfare trap laid by labour ' .
christopher starrs , 50 , was allowed to go free from court with just a suspended jail sentence in january after admitting his part in a two-and-a-half year con against his employer bt . judge nicholas cooke qc blasted his junior colleague recorder stuart trimmer qc for ` taking his eye off the ball ' . tamplin was jailed for two years at january 's sentencing hearing .
in the first four months of the year , there have so far been 5,080 flight cancellations . compared to the 4,239 cancellations during the same period last year . it 's low-cost carrier monarch that has seen the greatest increase in delays . during last year 's first quarter , there were a reported 206 hold-ups .
shanice farier , 22 , was found guilty of stealing # 15,000 from kanoo travel . she earned a ` decent salary ' and received handouts from her father . judge john burgess told farier it was time to ` get her hands dirty ' . farier appeared at derby crown court highly made up , wearing a figure-hugging dress and clutching an expensive-looking handbag .
alaskan husky , sarabi , was returned to a friend of the musher laura allaway on monday night who will be reunited with the animal on april 28 . the three-year-old dog was spotted near glenn highway and then again last friday near reverend tim carrick 's united protestant presbyterian church . carrick and his family set up a cage trap in the woods between the church and his home , and used four bowls of dog k
natali castellanos-tyler , 30 , a married mother of three from chesterfield county , was returning home from a birthday party february 21 . she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road , slammed her silver ford explorer into a tree and died at the scene . investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions .
martin springall , 38 , photographed his daughter , who he wished not to be named , standing near a rocky outcrop in zushi , japan , in japan . he said he was living and working in tokyo , around an hour north , and wanted to send a picture ` to my wife , who was at work ' . mr springall gave permission for his friend to post the image to reddit - where it became a topic of ` mostly negative ' discussion .
ian walters , 48 , veered off the m1 on the way back from an unsuccessful ` make or break ' trip with his wife tracy , leicester crown court heard . mrs walters was flown to hospital by helicopter but died two days after the crash . walters 's mitsubishi l200 animal ploughed through undergrowth before hitting a tree . she was also badly hurt in the incident , but walters died two months later .
barry selby , 54 , was eating a bag of cheese and onion crisps when he found the ` skull ' snack . the floor-fitter has decided to keep the two inches tall by two-and-a-half inches wide . he believes it is far more impressive than other oddly-shaped examples .
brett robinson is facing 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct after allegedly letting the inmate out of his cell . the case follows that of her colleague lisa curry , 39 , who last month was sentenced to over four years prison for repeatedly having sex with a 25-year-old gang member and convicted rapist . the two would talk using an intercom when robinson 's manager left the room . robinson struck up a relationship with the inmate in a nearby cell .
the labour party and trades union congress seized on the figure . it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million . but the corporation also retreated yesterday , toning down its coverage as the one million figure unravelled . in the announcement of its food bank users , the trussell trust declared that ` more than one million people received three days ' food .
terry claybon , 34 , worked out for six hours per day , including 2,000 sit ups , 1,000 each morning and the same at night . of course , jake had to work even harder to get in shape because he had just dropped approximately 30lbs to play freelance crime reporter lou , who stumbles upon the dangerous underworld of los angeles .
the aston martin db4 cabriolet once belonged to peter ustinov . it cost # 4,000 in 1962 when the average house price in britain was just # 2,500 . it was one of the fastest cars of the era so attracted interest from the rich and famous .
spain 's queen letizia welcomed award-winning writer juan goytisolo to the casa real in madrid . today 's lunch is the second literary event in less than 24 hours for the spanish queen , who found herself on the receiving end of an unexpected kiss .
the james webb space telescope will be 100 times more potent than hubble , and will be able to see back to 200 million years after the big bang . nasa describes the telescope as a ` powerful time machine with infrared vision that will peer back over 13.5 billion years to see the first stars and galaxies forming out of the darkness of the early universe ' . the project has drawn scrutiny from lawmakers for its ballooning costs - now at about $ 8.8 billion , far higher than
british woman baboucarr ceesay is believed to have died on the boat . his aunt jessica sey has spoken of her devastation after discovering he was not among the 27 survivors . she said her two daughters were ` absolutely gobsmacked ' by news of the 21-year-old 's death .
david norris , 51 , pounced on his wife dionne in the graveyard of st nicholas church in southfleet , near gravesend , in october last year . the pair , whose marriage had broken down in august , had arranged to meet up to lay flowers first at the grave of the victim 's mother . norris collected his wife and they visited the first gravesite before they had a conversation about their marriage and whether it could be saved .
female competitors on bear grylls ' show the island had not eaten for two weeks when they tracked down and killed what the show 's producers thought was a common caiman . however , suspicions were raised when the animal slain on camera appeared larger than usual , and it has now turned out to be an endangered american crocodile . most u.s. states in which the creature is native , along with islands in the caribbean , parts of mexico and south america have
fashion targets breast cancer , the charity founded by ralph lauren in 1994 , has cast plus-size models in its new campaign for the first time ever . starring models from sizes 10 to 20 , this year 's focus is all about uniting women of all shapes for a worthwhile cause . this follows the first leg of the campaign , which starred models abbey clancy , 29 , and alice dellal , 27 .
the ` meal deal ' has seen us stave off the hunger pangs with soggy sandwiches , slimy salads and salty soups . we could save up to # 1,300 a year if we just prepared our lunch at home . each recipe on food52 is contributed by a member of the team who promises to keep your midday meals ` both interesting and pretty ' .
claudia lawrence was 35 when she disappeared in 2009 . she was last seen on march 18 , 2009 , after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the university of york . a 60-year-old man was arrested last month on suspicion of her murder .
the car , registered as btb 478a , is being sold at bonhams ' aston martin sale in newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , on may 9 . but the restoration project will cost up to # 350,000 - meaning whoever buys it will have to pay at least # 570,000 to return it to its former glory .
texas trooper abraham martinez fled from authorities in houston in 2012 as he drove in a suspended license . gaydos , 25 , was arrested for evading law enforcement , driving with an invalid license and possessing a prescription painkiller . experts said that shooting at fleeing suspects was an area of the policy that needed updating .
the underwear is adorned with beads and would have been sewn together by a woman using strips of seal pelt . it is currently on display at the national museum of denmark in copenhagen as part of its animal-skin clothing collection . it was obtained during an expedition to the ammassalik settlement in greenland in 1892 by captain c. ryder .
micheal john duffy , 34 , pleaded not guilty to murdering colleen deborah ayers , 33 , whose decomposed body was uncovered in a shallow grave on her parent 's 25-acre lakesland property . in the opening statements of duffy 's trial crown prosecutor elizabeth wilkins sc told the jury that while his former partner , rachel evans , had initiated the violent act . ms wilkins told the court evans was the one who grabbed the belt used to str
harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas . but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage . tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness .
jerry moon 's family only discovered the blunder when they opened the casket to say their final goodbyes and found the other body wrapped in a plastic bag . while the body of the loving father - who was terrified of cremation - was accidentally incinerated at dahl mcvicker funeral home in kelso , washington . the 72-year-old railroad conductor had paid $ 4,655 to be buried in a family plot .
charlesetta taylor , 79 , has lived in her home for 70 years and was a member of the first african-american family to live in her neighborhood . the city can make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency . the company creates maps and satellite imagery that is used by the military for national security , among other things .
former ss sergeant oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder , related to a period between may and july 1944 . around 425,000 jews from hungary were brought to the auschwitz death camp , the people stripped of their belongings and then most led directly into gas chambers . groening told the court on tuesday that he is ` morally guilty ' but not directly responsible for any deaths .
jesinta campbell says she shed tears with belle gibson at the cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards last year . ' i am so disappointed and on every level , this is so irresponsible on her behalf , ' she said on the today show . ms gibson has finally admitted she faked her multiple cancer diagnoses .
in january the commission branded hinchingbrooke in cambridgeshire as ` inadequate ' and placed it in special measures . experts say it is further evidence that the inspection was flawed and a stitch-up by labour party activists and trade unionists who oppose privatisation . the new version of the report rates the hospital as ` good ' in 18 out of 33 criteria that were assessed including its outpatients departments and overall standard of end-of-life care .
a survey found almost half of dog owners did not know that ticks can transmit deadly diseases to both humans and other dogs . knowledge about lyme disease is increasing and it is known to wreck lives . in extreme cases , the nervous system , joints and heart can be affected , and symptoms may be misdiagnosed as other conditions .
the glasford school in illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving . the staged event on thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police , fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene . nau 's brother , austin , died at age 17 in a 2011 non-alcohol-related automobile accident .
david jenkins ' single-engine edge 360 plane crashed at old buckenham airfield . man in his 50s died when it crashed just 50 metres from a group of people . friend who wished to stay anonymous said : ` he was the best bloke i knew ' . he was a member of the wildcat aerobatic team based at uk aerobatics competitions .
tracey robinson , 17 , from the blog beauty high , stars in theunique makeover clip . to make himself over as ` america 's sweetheart ' , rolly first had to shave his mustache - and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics to help him copy the appearance of the youngest member of the kardashian clan .
rep steve knight , 48 , was hosting an open house event at his simi valley office last friday when he was accosted by activists rallying against amnesty for undocumented immigrants . the heated exchange between knight and the group of protesters was captured on video and later uploaded onto youtube by a right-wing group called we the people rising .
former first minister is bidding to become an mp , mocking labour . he joked that he would ` check his top pocket ' -- a reference to a conservative election poster showing a miniature mr miliband in his breast pocket . it prompted david cameron and boris johnson to join forces to warn of a looming ` constitutional crisis ' .
peter obama penned a letter to health conscious michelle obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough . peter criticizes the first lady for america 's lack of troops in the middle east and in the ukraine . he also suggests that the united states bomb syria .
the mother of the duchess of cambridge emailed customers of her party pieces firm yesterday , recommending the chevron divine tablewear range for parents-to-be . mrs middleton , 60 , has previously been accused of cashing in after her daughter kate married prince william .
ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his family history . the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on facebook , while also explaining his reasons for his decision . affleck took to facebook to issue his apology .
passengers on the embraer 175 twin-jet from chicago to connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick . when the plane landed , skywest initially claimed that the aircraft landed ` out of an abundance of caution ' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction . new information from medical personnel confirmed that ' a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight ' .
chinese scientists have admitted to changing the genes of human embryos for the first time in history . the announcement confirms rumors that some researchers have been conducting ethically questionable experiments . the team tried to tweak the gene responsible for β-thalassaemia , a potentially deadly blood disorder , using a germ line editing technique known as crispr/cas9 .
ursula ward , the mother of odin lloyd , wants to look hernandez in the eye when he testifies during the wrongful death suit . according to attorney doug sheff , who did not testify at his criminal trial and had a $ 40million contract , was convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd .
colleen ` bou bou ' phonesavanh suffered serious burns to his face and had his nipple blown off in the may incident . his family says the medical bills have surpassed $ 1 million . while the settlement is n't enough to cover the continued medical care bou bou bou will require as he gets older .
christopher swain wore a protective yellow suit as he went over a railing and into the water around 2pm wednesday in brooklyn . he swam about an hour into the canal in a stunt to urge environmental clean up that ultimately succumbed to the water 's pollution because the experience was like ` swimming ` in a dirty diaper ' . swain , who has previously swam the hudson and columbia rivers , said that cleanup of the gowanus canal should be accelerated .
ukip has fallen 18 points behind the tories and seven behind labour . revelation came as mr farage admitted he had ` made some mistakes ' . he said he had ' a bit of the old vim and vigour back ' in the campaign . but he insisted he was confident he could get it back on track .
former tory party chairman hits out at david cameron for not being a ` real man ' with ` real depth of experience ' . he said the pm had done nothing except be a special adviser and working in pr for carlton television . lord tebbit also suggested tory voters north of the border vote tactically for labour .
carol chandler , 53 , allegedly molested a boy , under the age of 14 . she is facing three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency between 1983 and 1985 . she appeared at southwark crown court in a mint green wool skirt suit , black court shoes and silver jewellery .
images show prisoner wearing orange jumpsuit forced to his knees before being shot . isis released disturbing images on the same day as they bizarrely attempted to portray everyday life under the terror group 's control as happy and carefree . groups such as raqqa is being slaughtered silently , which operates in isis ' de facto capital city .
rebecca grant , 40 , initially claimed she had been kidnapped and abused . but when she refused to give the name of her captors , police checked her id and found that she was out on bail . once york county sheriff 's deputies learned she had bail conditions not to possess or consume alcohol they went to arrest her .
the nordic country decided to tighten up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows , clubs and even animal brothels frequented by tourists taking advantage of its lax regulations . the previous law stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals . but agricultural minister dan jorgensen pointed out it was difficult to prove whether or not the animal had been harmed .
joseph o'riordan , 76 , found guilty of attempted murder after wife mandy , 47 , was left with life-threatening injuries to the chest , torso and back at their home in polegate , east sussex . the former polegate town councillor had become suspicious of his wife 's movements and placed a gps tracker on her car . he soon discovered his wife was having an affair with married postman .
lord janner signed over the deeds of his # 2million home to his children . his flat in a gated community near hampstead heath , north london , was transferred free of charge to his two daughters and son in march last year . the revelation follows an outcry over the decision not to prosecute the former labour mp for child abuse .
emily grimson , 25 , from shropshire , is one of britain 's most successful models . she has only been modelling for a year but has already built a lucrative full-time career . she moisturises her hands up to ten times a day to keep them looking their best .
chloe was raped and murdered by zbigniew huminsk on april 15 . the nine-year-old 's body was discovered in a migrant camp last week . mourners gathered at st peter 's in northern france today where huge screens had been erected to show the many who could not fit inside the packed church .
saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has promised to give a free bentley . saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago . bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite pledge . prince talal apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted .
the woman , who did not want to be identified , told a bbc documentary that airs tonight that she has seen people killed in front of her for breaking the rules enforced by is . she was lucky to escape from the is capital raqqa in syria where she said women are forced to cover up in a burka and must not go out in public alone .
survey by the startrack online retail industry awards found work will often take a back seat when online shopping is only a click away . more than 27 per cent of australians confess to shopping online at work and 3 per cent even took a sick day to be able to sign for online orders .
ukip leader nigel farage admitted he has a ` preference ' for australian immigrants over eastern europeans and somalians . controversial remarks come after farage demanded that refugees fleeing to europe across the mediterranean are sent back . mr farage said the nhs should not be treating foreigners with hiv .
abu khaled al-cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video . he has ordered his ` beloved brothers ' to ` rise up ' and attack targets . despite the militant 's vitriol , the most recent local headlines have focused upon sydney woman stacey eden , 23 , standing up for a couple being bullied on the train .
lint-free , tear-resistant paper cones can be life-savers in many other situations , too . they can provide an inexpensive way to complete a range of household tasks , from being transformed into temporary dish covers and snack bowls . femail has rounded up the 20 unusual things you can do with coffee filter papers .
susan monica , 66 , was found guilty on tuesday of murdering two handymen on her pig farm over a one-year span . the jackson county jury found monica guilty of murdering stephen delicino , 59 , and robert haney , 56 , in 2013 . monica asked for sentencing as soon as the jury was dismissed , saying ` it does n't seem to matter ' .
angelina jolie has said that the cost of testing for breast cancer genes ` remains an obstacle for many women ' . the actress underwent a double mastectomy in 2013 . it tests for mutations in brca1 and brca2 , along with 17 other markers , all of which are linked to an increased risk of breast and ovarian cancer .
dr mehmet oz , 54 , found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when 10 prominent doctors sent a letter to columbia university , where he serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery . in a special episode of the dr oz show , which was pre-taped tuesday and will air thursday , the beleaguered physician directly addressed his attackers . accused them of trying to bully him into silence .
vincent stanford , 24 , is accused of murdering stephanie scott , 26 , on easter sunday and dumping her body in bushland , just days before she was set to wed fiance aaron leeson-woolley . ms scott 's mother anika met with leeton mayor paul maytom last thursday , revealing her grief and horror at the situation . a memorial service for the teacher will take place in eugowra in nsw 's
david cameron and boris johnson left stumped by puzzle at advantage children 's day nursery in surbiton , south west london . pair were supposed to be highlighting tory plans to double free childcare for working parents of three and four-year-olds to 30 hours a week .
the anonymous woman has revealed how john key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions . the waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called rosie in parnell , east of auckland .
vít jedlicka , 31 , is a member of the czech republic 's conservative party of free citizens . the land making up the so-called ` micronation ' was apparently forgotten when the balkan peninsula split into new countries following the breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s . he says he is now entitled to take control of the apparently ` unclaimed ' territory .
amy schumer pretended to trip and fall in front of kim kardashian and kanye west on tuesday as the couple took to the red carpet at the time 100 gala in nyc . the three were just a few of the big names who turned out for the annual event held at jazz at lincoln center in new york city .
professor david healy , head of psychiatry at the hergest psychiatric unit in bangor , north wales , said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact . he suggested that the success of so-called ssri drugs -- which include prozac and seroxat -- was based on the ` marketing of a myth ' .
tianwen chen , 65 , and his wife gairen guo , 60 , found their first child in a box on the roadside and gradually took more and more disabled children into their home . but the couple have faced a great deal of heartache over the years and are only now living comfortably with 12 of the children with the help of donations by kind-hearted people .
the duchess of cambridge will give birth to their next child in a few days ' time , at which point the prince , having been excused from training with east anglia air ambulance . he will roll up the sleeves of his viyella shirt and tell his beloved as she lies , exhausted , on her maternity hospital bed .
manhattan-based skin laundry says that after just ten minutes , their light and laser procedure will leave your skin ` glowing ' . with these claims , the quickie treatment seems perfect on paper - unless that paper is in the mandatory eight-page contract that one client told the new york post was like ' a dickens novel ' . clients also agree to release their personal information to a funeral director and a coroner for identification purposes .
jackson byrnes , 18 , underwent a risky operation to remove the tumour on his brain on wednesday . his family are ` over the moon ' that the surgery was more of a success than they dared to even dream it would be . renowned neurosurgeon dr charlie teo is the only surgeon in australia who was willing to perform the risky operation that will hopefully buy jackson more time .
george nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager at the crystal lake cemetery in minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife velta 's grave . he was released from the hospital on tuesday with 18 stitches in his head . the physician , who team doctor for five u.s. men 's olympic hockey squads , has suffered serious injuries in an attack .
the st. regis abu dhabi suite features three bedrooms , a pantry , a full dining room , library and cinema . it 's the highest suspended hotel room in the world , overlooking the arabian gulf . the three-bedroom suite will set you back # 18,188 a night .
colin gilpatric , an aspiring jedi knight , was devastated to learn that achieving his dream might mean never being able to marry . forming emotional attachments is said by the rules of the fictional order to lead jedis to the ` dark side ' . colin , who has autism , went directly to the man in charge .
eleven leading figures have written a joint letter questioning cps ' decision not to prosecute lord janner for child abuse . 11 leading figures said that director of public prosecutions alison saunders was ` damaging public confidence ' in the justice system with her ruling . politicians have written to a national newspaper to demand the decision be reversed amid public concerns .
mr miliband said he would have to pay the proposed # 250 a month ` mansion tax ' on homes worth more than # 2million . claim comes despite revelations his four-storey victorian town house has two kitchens -- including one for the family 's live-in nanny . mr miliband faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north london home .
joanessa clawson , 35 , her husband james clawson and her mother patti ann baldassarre , 68 , face felony conspiracy charges . the gofundme page , which has now been removed , is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist .
sgt. daniel knapp from jacksonville , north carolina , received combat medals after serving in afghanistan . but the marine corps introduced more stringent rules in 2010 concerning the size and placement of tattoos that knapp has fallen foul of . knapp is considered a tier 1 marine , scoring in the top 10 percent in fitness , marksmanship , and job performance .
stephanie scott 's fiance aaron leeson-woolley was allegedly murdered on easter sunday , just days before her wedding . her mother merrilyn , father robert , and her siblings are pictured remembering their daughter 's life and how much laughter she had brought to them . hundreds of yellow balloons were released by those attending stephanie 's funeral in central-west nsw on wednesday .
phoebe jo chapman , 42 , surrendered to sheriffs at the lowndes county sheriff 's office in valdosta , georgia on tuesday morning . police say the charges stem from three separate encounters with different boys . all three admitted to having sexual relations with chapman .
jonah willow , 12 , drew a chess match with a russian grandmaster four times his age . jonah beat three other players in the nottingham chess congress to face cherniaev , who went on to win the title . the title , the game 's highest apart from world champion , is conferred by world governing body fide .
bbc 's stacey dooley investigates poverty-stricken grandmothers . drug mules are risking their lives to smuggle it out of south africa . farmers - many of them ` grannies ' whose children have died and who are now in charge of providing for their grandchildren - have developed the potent strain through cross-pollination .
gatjendra singh , 41 , was seen sitting in the tree for some time before throwing a suicide note into the crowd . seconds later he hanged himself with a white scarf and - despite the best efforts of rally organisers who climbed the tree to untie him . demonstrations were organised by members of the aam aadmi political party , including chief minister arvind kejriwal .
samantha fleming was asleep in the indiana apartment she shared with her boyfriend and newborn daughter when the doorbell rang on april 6 . on the other side , police say , was a professionally dressed woman carrying a binder who introduced herself to fleming 's boyfriend as a department of child services worker . geraldine r. jones , 36 , of gary , indiana , has been charged with murder , kidnapping and criminal confinement .
ronan ghosh , 39 , stole # 200 worth of meat and wine from a tesco store . the company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of # 16million . ghosh initially elected trial by jury but pleaded guilty to theft . judge murray creed imposed a 12-month community order on ghosh .
tesco 's clothing brand f&f has launched what is estimated to be the cheapest bridal gown on the market . it comes in sizes six to 18 and features a quirky lace neckline and a flattering fit to suit all body shapes . ghost sells an embroidered mesh wedding dress for # 295 and phase eight offers a vintage-inspired lace gown .
more than five million visas are expected to be issued to students , tourists and workers this year to come to australia . as many as 1.9 million foreigners travelling on short term visas are predicted to be spending time down under at any one time throughout this year . secretary of the immigration department michael pezzullo said the challenges were on par to the high numbers in the aftermath of world war ii .
pilots have reported 167 cases of toxic cabin fumes or smoke in four months . twelve of the cases resulted in the pilots requesting a priority landing . among the worst cases , one incident report noted : ` fumes in cabin . eleven of the cabin crew became unwell during flight , with symptoms of light-headedness , nausea and `` sea sickness '' .
marcus copeland , 44 , splashed out almost # 1million to complete the six - bedroomed eco house . he sourced specialist scottish stone and installed the latest environmentally friendly technologies to make the house in cwm dyserth , north wales . the former journalist admitted two counts of fraud by lying to abbey national about the profitability of his business to secure the # 847,000 loan in 2007 .
sally lutkin , 49 , had a rose surrounded by the names grandchildren harvey , seven , and cooper , one , tattooed above her left ankle in november 2013 . doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone . she was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose design , as well as an unsightly scar she will have to live with for years .
national front leader marine le pen , 46 , said her party 's brand of political change is getting attention on both sides of the atlantic . the leader of the staunchly anti-immigration front spoke of representing a ` great political force that i represent tonight ' . le pen recently announced she would oppose her father on his candidacy in france 's regional elections in december .
fiona steane , 50 , lives in london with her husband of 20 years , christopher , 48 , a banker , and their 17-year-old daughter , amelia . fiona wanted to cut all her hair off when she was 15 but her mother refused and she 's had it long ever since .
showcasing a pair of toned arms and a pretty decolletage . but can a woman with 34g curves like mine ever look fab in a strapless dress ? secret support . lace pencil dress , # 169 , monsoon.co.uk . blue caged heels , # 39.99 , zara.com .
fire boat massey shaw was requisitioned from the london fire brigade in 1940 . it helped to save st paul 's cathedral and other buildings damaged in the blitz . volunteers are now hoping to transport the vessel back to dunkirk . it will mark the 75th anniversary of the little ships ' adventure .
scientists have studied the healing process at a molecular level using electron microscopes to examine skin as it repairs itself . they found skin cells appear to attach to each other using tiny tubes that then pull them together so they interlock like a zip . the researchers hope their findings could help in the development of new treatments for wounds that could speed up this process .
italian surgeon sergio canavero plans to perform the first ever human head transplant in china in less than an hour . he hopes to operate on his first patient , a russian with a rare genetic muscle wasting disease , and will carry out the procedure in the eu or former soviet union . dr frankenstein , who has werdnig-hoffman disease , will be the first person to undergo a head transplant despite the massive risks .
blake , 27 , welcomed her first child with ryan reynolds in january . she has been out and about promoting her upcoming movie roles . so what 's her secret ? long walks , yoga , hiking ... and chocolate , it has been revealed . blake says losing weight has n't been a priority .
john george agar told an agent in 1969 to think twice because temple would ` overreact if she did n't get her way ' . he also said that her mother had wrecked their marriage because she interfered in their affairs too much . his efforts were unsuccessful as dozens of other people including ronald reagan came to temple 's defense and called her a ` very courageous woman of the highest morals ' .
latasha gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , were discovered early wednesday one day after they were reported missing . police would not say how he died they did say that it was not a homicide . he also had a six-month-old baby with him who was unharmed .
a group of female fans , who 've dubbed themselves the ` milifans ' , are rallying support for the opposition leader on social media using the twitter hashtag #milifandom . the largely teenage fanbase have spent the days running up to the may 7th election posting tweets of affection for the politician .
stewart brand , president of the long now foundation and editor of the whole earth catalogue , believes the focus on widespread extinctions may actually be harmful . instead he argues it is highly unlikely that the planet is facing a sixth mass extinction as many threatened species are recovering . his views are likely to be controversial with conservationists who have been warning that human activities risk killing off a large proportion of species on earth .
comedian yousef saleh erakat disguised himself as a homeless man to see what would happen if he offered people on the street his own money . ' i do n't need your money , i 'm trying to help out today , here you go , ' he says . the man angrily replies , slapping his hand away before walking off .
scott keyes , 28 , is about to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights in first class . he recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles , which you can then use to take free flights . the think progress reporter reveals his savvy secrets so you can explore the world without falling into the ticket traps .
thames bath lido will sit near blackfriars bridge , should open with the backing of a recently launched crowdfunding project . the plans have moved far quicker than an initial ten-year initiative to clean up the thames for swimmers with the aid of celebrities such as artist tracy emin and david walliams .
james boase was drinking with a friend in torquay on march 13 , 2014 . the 36-year-old claimed he went to bed around 12.30 am and must have been sleep walking . but prosecutors insisted he had failed to stop his black nissan navara . boase has been remanded on unconditional bail until may may .
twitter users have begun editing his face on to famous men 's bodies . from hollywood legends marlon brando and harrison ford , to astronaut neil armstrong and even tv 's latest heart-throb poldark . miliband 's poll ratings have shown him to be a consistently unpopular leader .
espn reporter shelley smith is set to return to work six months after announcing she had breast cancer . she will make her first appearance on april 30 , just before the nfl draft . smith , 56 , also revealed in an interview with sports illustrated , where she worked prior to her position at espn , that she will not be wearing a wig upon her return .
hound dog ii and lisa marie -- named after the king of rock ` n ' roll 's daughter -- can be moved from his estate to a site nearby . graceland visitors can currently buy a ticket that includes a tour of presley 's home-turned-museum and the interiors of the two planes .
kate roberts , 24 , noticed her son miles had a slightly different shaped head . at three months , he was diagnosed with brachycephaly , also known as ` flat head syndrome ' . this when the back of the head becomes flattened , causing the head to bulge out . doctors believe it is caused by babies sleeping on their back , and as it is not medically dangerous , the nhs does not pay for treatment .
a new video recorded in the state of washington , where recreational use of marijuana was legalized in july of last year . each of the three ex-cops taking hits from a bong , before offering their thoughts , both funny and thoughtful , on the controversial substance . the video shows the three men smoking several times over the course of a few hours while discussing the drug , eating snacks , and playing games .
gulam chowdhury , 24 , quoted verses from the quran before stabbing mohammed yasser afzal 20 times at an east london cab office . the old bailey heard that ms riaz had threatened to show intimate photographs to her imam father who was a strict imam . mr riaz , who was also standing trial for murder , faces a retrial .
aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ` armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . siler 's family and friends have called the billboard ` disrespectful ' and are asking for it be taken down .
the bacchus suite at the yeatman boasts a high-vaulted wooden ceiling , copper jacuzzi , fireplace and a rotating bed . portugal 's first wine hotel is built into a hill , providing sweeping views of porto and the douro river from the indoor pool and guest rooms .
tom mctevia , 42 , was traveling with a group and driving his friend tina hoisington , 45 , near an overlook at lake pend oreille in bonner county on sunday . when the group stopped for a photograph around noon , they went over , and the second victim was found 1,100 feet below the edge . a helicopter recovered their bodies .
zulu king goodwill zwelithini blamed for sparking violence against foreigners . dyed-in-the-wool traditionalist has also courted wrath of women 's rights . he has told followers in a speech that foreigners were ` lice ' and ` ants ' . king has resurrected outdated custom , in face of widespread opposition .
nye ` the science guy ' joined president barack obama today for an earth day excursion , riding aboard air force one with the president during his visit to the florida everglades . the white house said tuesday that nye would make the trek on its behalf to shoot a video of the president . nye held court with press before boarding the airliner , telling them that he loves the smell of jet fuel .
liy and white cat marv managed to get wedged in a five inch gap . owner brendon veale 's garage in hanham , bristol , was left dangling for two hours . the rspca were unable to coax the pet from the gap and eventually firefighters had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to get him free .
philip garrod , 43 , was on his way to start a shift with the welsh ambulance service . he was caught by a police camera doing the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone on his powerful suzuki motorbike . he pleaded guilty and was fined # 650 with six points for speeding . the judge ordered an adjournment to take various witness statements .
stanford computer science student lea coligado , 21 , created women of silicon valley , a blog based on the people-profiling website humans of new york . the blog has attracted attention from the best in the business , including women-in-tech advocate tracy chou , a software engineer at pinterest .
major general allen batschelet says 10 percent of young men and women who sign up to join the army are currently refused because they are too heavy . he warns that current trends mean as many as half of young americans will be so grossly overweight by the end of the decade that the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers .
the australian vaccination skeptics network has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape . the tag line on the image read , ` forced penetration . really - no big deal , if it 's just a vaccination needle and he 's a doctor . the image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by social services minister scott morrison earlier in april .
the 14-year-old is now fighting for her life in delhi 's safdarjung hospital . she was allegedly gang-raped on sunday when she went outside her house in kosi kalan , in uttar pradesh 's mathura district . on tuesday she set herself on fire using kerosene to relieve herself .
study based on a study of about 95,000 young people . all those in the study had older siblings . some of the elder children had autism and some did not . numerous studies over the last 15 years have ruled out a link between the mmr vaccine and autism . vaccines had no effect on autism risk , whether or not a sibling in the family was diagnosed .
the pedestrian crossing was due to be installed in totnes , devon . it is the first in europe as a mark of the town 's pride for its gay community . experts have warned that painting the road different colours could have side-effects for people with alzheimer 's . the proud2be group revealed a trained dementia champion had contacted the group warning of the serious health impact .
colin hendry , 49 , rowed with his then girlfriend sarah kinder before embarking on a drinking session which led to him driving through lytham st annes , lancashire . police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines while the father-of-four attempted to drive home . now the former scotland captain must travel around on his bike .
the irs ' overloaded phone system hung up on more than 8 million taxpayers this filing season . for those who were n't disconnected , only 40percent actually got through to a person . many of those people had to wait on hold for more than 30 minutes , irs commissioner john koskinen said wednesday .
ahmed hassan-sule , 21 , jailed for nine years and nine months in oxfordshire . offences ranged from inciting sexual activity with a child , to rape . victims , aged between 13 and 16 , were targeted at under-18s parties . one child described the parties as 'em otionally immature ' were abused .
a social media staffer to donald trump retweeted an off-color jab at hillary clinton on thursday before the boss deleted it . trump will be in new hampshire on saturday -- where the episode will likely come up . the tweet suggests an undercurrent of crude jokes are being made at her expense .
georgia state patrol said a tractor-trailer failed to slow down and smashed into stop-and-go traffic . those killed were traveling on interstate 16 near savannah in two passenger vehicles mangled by the crash . the big truck came to a halt after slamming into the back of a tanker . all five of the dead were nursing students at georgia southern university in statesboro .
davion navar henry only , 16 , had spent his entire life in foster care after his mother gave birth to him behind bars . in 2013 he stood before his florida church to beg for someone to adopt him . now he has a permanent home with the woman who first met him as a seven-year-old when she became his caseworker .
in an advert posted on gumtree , ` martin ' informs people looking at the double room , suitable for couples , that there is a leak in the room . he adds : ` every now and then there are few drips from the corner of the ceiling , nothing major but it is happening hence the cheap price ' .
judge john koeltl said in a decision made public tuesday that the incendiary ad is speech protected under the first amendment . he said he was sensitive to the metropolitan transportation authority 's claim that the poster could incite violence and appreciates the efforts necessary to prevent violent attacks targeting jewish people .
the 15-foot hole opened up on earl street , northampton , at 2pm on thursday . motorists had to swerve out of the way of the giant hole after it appeared . police quickly closed off the road , causing traffic chaos and leaving locals without water following damage to a water main .
delta flight from paris to newark , new jersey was diverted to boston . one passenger told nbc it felt like ` king kong picked up the plane ' . delta said ' a small number of customers ' on flight 271 complained of nausea and possible minor injuries and were checked out by emergency medical technicians .
the aeroplane is displayed on a runway and is featured alongside many of the in-flight perks that accompany the experience . each four seasons journey includes air travel , ground transportation , planned excursions and all meals . the inside of the aircraft features leather flat-bed seats , which are the work of italian design iacobucci .
brad pitt and angelina jolie pitt are in no danger of having to endure a night at the holiday inn . the couple , whose combined salary comes from starring in over seventy box office hits , often opt for surprisingly low key accommodation . brad and ange booked out an entire floor , but you can bag a room at the five-star hilton malta for # 130 a night .
child picked up the unwrapped condom in his school playground at bennett elementary in bennett , colorado last week . his mother , who was only identified as alicia to protect her son , said it would be a year before her son had the all-clear from his std testing . the school district was refusing to pay for the healthcare costs now that her son must be tested for all stds .
ed miliband will pledge to ` restore our commitment ' to the eu and other international groups such as the united nations . he will accuse david cameron of ` taking britain to the edge of european exit ' . mr miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on europe .
johnny depp plays james ` white ' bulger - the notorious boston gangster who topped the fbi 's most wanted list for 16 years before he was arrested in 2011 . the trailer was one of several warner bros screen at cinemacon on thursday , and the creepy two-minute clip was a highlight of the day . depp is completely transformed for the role .
amanda bailey published the details of john key 's behaviour , which she experienced while working at a cafe in auckland , as she ` expected more from him ' . the 26-year-old , an employee at rosie cafe , recounted on the daily blog how the prime minister kept playfully pulling her hair . but following the publication of the blog on wednesday , mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions .
a new ask reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive . one user wrote , amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day . many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be ` praised ' for doing normal things .
belle gibson has admitted she never had cancer and does not want forgiveness . the wellness warrior founded the whole pantry - a book and app which over 300,000 people have downloaded . appearances are reality -- and seeing is believing . believe it or not , studies show that people can not distinguish between behaviour that is deceptive and deceptive .
australia 's most notorious serial killer could have been caught before he murdered seven backpackers . channel seven 's sunday night will tell the story of ivan milat 's first violent crime and how he escaped police prosecution . the revelation includes first-hand evidence from boris into the killer 's ` secret victim ' .
patrick fredricksen , 30 , has previous convictions for unlawful sexual activity with a minor and impersonating a firefighter . he was stopped on his way to one child 's home in eastern utah , police say . he had already used the bus 's on-board list of children 's names and addresses to try and abduct a young girl .
masood mansouri , 33 , from saltney , flintshire , is accused of kidnap , rape and sexual assault . the woman , mother to a three-year-old girl , managed to escape by hiding in bushes , before getting another taxi to the club . initially she tried to forget about the attack , the second sexual assault she had suffered in her short life .
the large birds were photographed by japanese businessman sanin alexander as they swooped down with their claws bared at the fox . at first the fox attempts to fight back , growling viciously at the advancing eagle . but as he is joined by a second the fox begins to lose the fight and realise he has possibly taken on more than he is capable of managing .
michael david ikeler , 36 , of torrance , was arrested april 9 and has pleaded not guilty to three felony counts of sexual assault . police say the key to tracking down the suspect was a tip from his observant neighbor , who noticed the toddler scream ` mommy ' . at the time police described the driver of the vehicle as a serial predator .
department for fiscal studies says ed miliband 's promise to balance books would allow labour to borrow # 90billion more than the tories by 2020 . this would rise to # 280billion in extra debt by the end of the next decade . david cameron said the assessment showed labour was ' a risk to our economy , a risk of jobs ' .
kimberley donoghue , 28 , was forced to hobble down the aisle after breaking her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding . wearing the heavy white cast beneath her fairy tale dress , her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows . the family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without her cast .
u.s. court of appeals for the federal . circuit rejected the band 's argument that the government 's . refusal to grant a trademark violated its free speech rights . the ruling could have implications for the high-profile . fight over whether the national football league 's washington . redskins should lose its trademarks .
tom sturridge is set to release a film with ryan gosling this year . the 29-year-old actor counts robert pattinson and andrew garfield among his best friends . he could be set to become a legion of female fans as he stars in the west end play american buffalo .
bhadreshkumar chetanbhai patel , 24 , faces a federal charge of fleeing to avoid prosecution and is offering a $ 20,000 reward for information about his whereabouts . patel was last seen at a hotel near newark international airport shortly after his wife was killed on april 12 . he reportedly has his india-issued passport with him .
the unnamed woman found an empty trolley in an underground car park at the supermarket giant coles in caboolture , north of brisbane on wednesday . she pushed the trolley up the escalator to do her shopping before realising the slithering brown tree snake had curled itself in the corner . sunshine coast snake catchers 24/7 richie gilbert was called to remove the snake and release it back into the bushland just kilometres away .
krishnan guru-murthy looks bemused as robert downey junior walks out on an interview with him after the journalist asked him about his personal life . the american star is in london to promote his new film avengers : age of ultron but became aggravated when the chat took a turn for the personal .
ashton taylor , 21 , from perth , was diagnosed with a severe brain condition called dural arteriovenous fistula in july 2013 . she said not even an apology from gibson would cut it for her . gibson was named the social media star of the year cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards in 2014 .
ashley stewart and his wife felicity found a baby kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013 . two years on , the curious and friendly joey they have dubbed ` dusty ' is now so comfortable living with the couple and their dogs lilly and rosie on their farm , near esperance , in western australia . mr stewart decided to drive down to a dam on the couple 's property in wittenoom hills , 60 kilometres from esperance
high rise holiday resort benidorm wants the same recognition as other ` world wonders ' like stonehenge , the taj mahal and the great wall of china . spain already boasts more than 40 unesco world heritage sites , including granada 's alhambra palace and donana national park in huelva .
deborah roberts , 53 , forced the tissue into phyllis hadlow 's mouth . she tried to silence her in front of other nursing staff at kent and canterbury hospital . she also poured water over the dementia patient , telling other staff . mrs hadlow , who has since died , needed extensive medical care .
rowa huq is standing for ed miliband 's party in a key marginal seat in london . she said fellow candidates who turned down the cash were ` sticking their noses up ' at mr blair . sister of former blue peter presenter said mailonline ` picking on her ' .
the blaze took place at a building located on a flint intersection in flint , michigan , on wednesday afternoon . a strip club used to be housed at the site , fire officials told the news outlet . only the building itself and a few nearby power lines were affected , according to local media .
alice smellie asked industry experts to find out if it 's really vital to buy new supplies for summer ... or can we ignore the marketing ploys and dig out supplies that have been lurking at the back for years . out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say experts .
two conmen were caught on camera stealing 80-year-old 's savings . they convinced their vulnerable victim his debit cards needed to be recalled . west midlands police released the footage in a bid to identify the pair . but less than two hours later the cruel conmen stole # 150 from a cash machine .
the 6ft 5in , 330lb nfl player is a regular user of the taxi app . told fans he had sent them a job application , explaining ` it would be a cool way to get some extra cash ' . francis plans to work for the $ 40billion taxi firm during the sport 's off-season .
militants fighting for boko haram in west africa have released the first images of their terror activities since pledging allegiance to abu bakr al-baghdadi . taken somewhere in the forests of north-eastern nigeria , the images show the jihadis casually posing with assault rifles . the slick photographs carry all the logos and artwork typically seen in official isis releases .
penny davison , 59 , made a fortune by landing six-figure bets on his own horses . when he died , he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in surrey . before he died he and his second wife penny fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune . now his beautician ex-wife has appeared back in court , seeking to boost her slice to more than # 1million .
marana police officer michael rapiejko told investigators it was either ` shoot him or run him over ' . video sparked fierce debate on the use of deadly force with some accusing him of misconduct and others labeling the cop as a hero . but officer rapiejo said that valencia had left him with no other choice than to use potentially lethal force .
keepers at the columbus zoo say ten-year-old irisa had mated before but never conceived . this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets . irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator .
a new quinnipiac university poll found only 38 per cent of americans believe she is honest and trustworthy , the leading democratic party candidate for president has a mess to clean up . part of it will involve the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation re-filing some of its annual tax returns to correct errors in how it has reported income from foreign governments . the murky picture also includes tens of millions of dollars bill clinton collected in speaking fees from companies that saw their fortunes
brendan cordina drove for four days to find his grandfather 's medals . the 36-year-old amazingly found the medals in the northern territory . but on his arrival at the darwin military museum , mr cordina was refused the medals and told that they ` were more important to the museum ' .
evnika saadvakass , from kazakhstan , became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old . she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes . the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress .
the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden where she was raped by the man . she will speak out in tonight 's episode of crimewatch in which she tells reporters she is too scared to sleep for fear of reliving the ordeal in her dreams .
yamini karanam , 26 , a student at indiana university , was diagnosed with a pineal tumour in her brain after noticing she was struggling to comprehend things she had read . surgeons operating to extract what they believed to be a tumour . known by its medical name , a brain teratoma , the growth is very rare .
barry bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1/2 years in court . his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government 's investigation into illegal steroids distribution . now 50 , bonds said ' i am excited about what the future holds for me as i embark on the next chapter ' .
alex vella has failed to stop the government 's cancellation of his visa while he was overseas in his native malta last year . the federal court ruled this week that vella , 61 , be prohibited from returning after the government cancelled the rebels bikie gang president 's visa . the decision strands vella in malta , leaving behind in australia 24 close family members including a wife , sons and an elderly mother .
google has unveiled a u.s. wireless service that switches between wi-fi and cellular networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low . the service , called ` project fi , ' debuted today , about two months after google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire . each gigabyte of data will cost $ 10 a month .
the alarm failed at the former president 's houston residence in september 2013 and even though the secret service bought a replacement system in january 2014 . it came despite an agent 's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm , which was installed in 1993 , be replaced because it ` had exceeded its life cycle ' .
claudia lawrence was 35 when she vanished on march 18 , 2009 . her father , peter , reported her missing after she failed to turn up to work . detectives previously questioned a man in his 50s in march in connection with ms lawrence 's murder . specialist teams of forensic officers have searched three locations in the york area looking for evidence .
study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change -lrb- ipcc -rrb- . projected temperature change from 2081-2100 by the ipcc are pictured here . the study says that variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere , and other natural factors . they claim these ` wiggles ' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade , and exaggerate or offset the effects of increases in greenhouse gas
number of murders and manslaughter cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level for 38 years . nearly 3.8 million crimes were recorded by police last year , an increase of 2 % from 2013 . experts say the rise was partly because victims were ` more willing ' to report sex crimes , including historical ones .
the australian air transport safety bureau -lrb- atsb -rrb- released its report on wednesday into the ` wheels up landing ' on december 12 , 2014 at jabiru airport , southeast of darwin . the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft , registered vh-tbe , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers . despite this , the report also found the pilot was ` relatively new
marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant , was fired from popeyes after $ 400 was robbed from her till . she refused to pay back the money that was stolen , with the store saying she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at one time . now popeyes have offered her $ 2,000 in backpay since she has been out of work for almost one month .
kate , 33 , is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days . her mother carole is moving into the cambridges ' norfolk home anmer hall . parenting blogger emily-jane clark has compiled a list of the ways a mother can cope with caring for two kids under two .
the auschwitz-birkenau state museum , in oświęcim , poland , is becoming a popular tourist destination . it said there have been more than 250,000 visitors so far this year , a rise of more than 40 per cent compared with the same period last year .
ben thurlow attacked emergency worker rebecca hudson . she tended to his wound that he had picked up after being assaulted . the 23-year-old , who was suffering from a suspected concussion , shoved him as he tried to get out of the stationary ambulance . on the journey to the hospital he once again attacked her by knocking her over .
carrie reichert , 43 , has previously said she kissed the prince and has a pair of his underpants she hopes to use in a strip-tease show . in the eye of the royal story , she says she could n't help but notice how ` adorably cute his naked a ** was ' . she went on to claim that alcohol gave her the confidence to approach the prince before they shared a kiss .
sir david walker defended the bank 's decision to pay out # 1.86 billion in bonuses . scandal-hit lender faced a barrage of criticism from long-suffering investors . many of them pensioners , at its annual general meeting in london . last year its profits dropped again by 21 per cent to # 2.3 billion .
gareth blanks was attacked as he walked back from shops in truro , cornwall . he was taunted by a group of three men and one woman at 8.30 pm on april 17 . one of the males punched and kicked him 20 times in the head . mr blanks is now recovering at his home but his family say it will take him a long time to recover .
jamie jewitt , 24 , and henry rogers , 22 , both admit that when they were in their teens , their self-esteem was at rock bottom . henry , from ealing , went on an intense two-year diet , including going vegan for a year , and now he 's a sought-after model .
some nicknames refer to the ancient heritage of the city . there are a variety of reasons these cities have earned their unique monikers . singapore , or ` lion city ' , is another interesting one . the reason for the name came about as the founder , sir stamford raffles , supposedly saw a merlion -- a mix between a mermaid and a lion .
the roboscan 2m aeria is being developed by romanian company mb telecom . it uses a cone of radiation to sweep across planes and look inside . the device is accurate enough to find a filament in a light bulb . but the radiation it emits is not safe for passengers yet . it is apparently being used to check trucks at borders in eastern europe .
tesco announced a record annual loss of # 6.38 billion yesterday . the loss is the largest ever declared by a british retailer . it reflects a seismic shift in shopping habits away from big supermarkets towards smaller budget stores . tesco has been forced to slash the value of its property empire .
wesley burton , a father-of-three and popular radio host at kpfa , was killed in a hit-and-run in the early hours of saturday morning . his wife lucrecia has made an emotional plea for anyone with information about her husband 's killer to come forward .
the sports brand features prominently on a leaflet distributed in the terror group 's de facto capital raqqa warning isis jihadis about items they are no longer allowed to wear . one militant decried the popularity of nike among isis fighters , comparing the brand 's name and famous ` tick ' logo to wearing a christian cross .
four burly swedish cops put their new york city vacation on hold to answer the call of duty on a manhattan subway train last night . the friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway , dna info reports , and rushed in to stop a brutal assault on a crowded rush-hour 6 train . the samaritan scandinavians stopped the violence and held the attacker until the nypd could arrive .
miriam gonzalez durantez said tories probably want to kick her out of the country . spanish lawyer said she had been ` religiously paying taxes ' in the uk . but took a swipe at the party her husband has spent five years in power . comes after mr clegg warned the ` bandwagons of the far right ' are encircling an ` increasingly hapless conservative leadership ' .
black sea resorts offer best value in terms of a meal out and other holiday activities . bulgaria 's most popular resort of sunny beach is a carbon copy of those of spain and greece . it is one of 13 european hotspots out of 14 where your cash will go far further this summer .
bodycam footage released this week shows donald allen , 66 , pointing a loaded , 22-caliber pistol at officer brian barnett on april 11 . then shoots allen dead after he comes at him with the gun , making threatening statements as he does.warning : graphic content . the camera was malfunctioning and it was thought the video was lost .
james rebanks studied at the university of oxford before returning to his roots in the lake district . he is seen here with his sheep on his farm outside of penrith in cumbria . the book has filled in most of the gaps in my education , without any 4.30 am alarm calls .
janice baker kinney , marcella tate , and autumn burns held a press conference on thursday morning in los angeles , california , to announce their claims . their attorney gloria allred , who represents most of cosby 's accusers , said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian 's upcoming shows . they also claim to have been abused by bill cosby .
the small college town of missoula , montana , has been branded in the media america 's rape capital , and now bestselling author jon krakauer has made it the subject of his new book documenting the explosive allegations . krakrakauer , the author of the book into the wild , sat down for an interview with abc 's nightline to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape .
chelsea clinton issued a pointed defense of her family foundation on thursday after allegations surfaced that it reaped millions from foreign countries that had issues pending before her mother when she was secretary of state . chelsea , the daughter of former u.s. president bill clinton and presumptive democratic presidential front-runner hillary clinton , spoke during an event on women and girls at the council on foreign relations in new york city .
eloise parry , 21 , died this week after taking a lethal dose of diet pills . she ` burned up from the inside , after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol , or dnp ' . her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online .
chinese designers have developed an contraption called the bike washing machine that contains a washing machine drum in its front wheel . when ridden , the pedalling motion causes the drum to rotate , churning your clothes inside like a traditional washer . a generator inside the bike also creates electricity which can be stored for future use .
thenga adams , flying from guyana in south america , was arrested after customs at jfk in new york searched the sneakers in his luggage . when customs opened the soles of the athletic shoes they found $ 30,000 worth of cocaine . adams faces federal drug smuggling charges .
nandi is being fed three times a day at the dairy farm where he was born , in narnaul , northern india . shocked locals have called the calf nandi - a nickname for lord krishna . in india 's hindu culture , cows are revered as a symbol of life .
kate brower , an american journalist assigned to cover the obama white house , became intrigued by the workings of the mansion . the staff all live out in washington and commute in . the hours are long . those on duty can not go home until the president retires and goes to bed .
aimee craven , of hull , east yorkshire , had claimed tesco product worth # 20 . but british transport police officers trawled through cctv footage to track down her . miss craven said she thought it had been left by its owner , but was told it is likely she will receive a caution for theft .
patriotic countrymen and women turned out in their finest red and white today to enjoy st george 's day celebrations . with temperatures of around 20c in parts of the country , planned outdoor events were able to go forward . in emsworth in hampshire a group of veterans led a procession through the town centre from forest recreation ground .
brett robinson , 33 , will stand trial next week on 12 charges related to sexual misconduct and official misconduct . robinson was hoping to present a psychologists report as evidence of mental disease or defect . the report said she was suffering from mental illness at the time of the alleged encounters and that it made her ` vulnerable , passive and gullible ' .
andrew neil asked if it would be a ` acceptable for an education secretary to send their children to a private school ' . he also confirmed labour could fire the thousands of ` unqualified ' teachers across the state sector . labour leader ed miliband refused to publicly support labour 's deputy scottish leader , anas sarwar .
kristina bewly took her 4-year-old daughter giselle to the florida theme park for the first time last september . they have been returning every month since . each time the family visits , kristina puts on a new princess bought by her mother .
nigel farage 's ukip insist st george would have been welcomed to britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer . but economic spokesman patrick o'flynn faced questions on whether the party would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country .
the 50-foot whale was still on the pacifica state beach on wednesday after washing up on the sand the week before . before the tide came in , beachgoers took photos of where ` east bay rats motorcycle club ' was on the whale . the name was erased by wednesday 's high tide , nbc bay area reported .
the deadliest migrant tragedy on the mediterranean so far took this year 's death toll on the waters to a staggering 1,800 . it came as three other people - including a tiny child - died when a rickety wooden boat ran aground on the greek island of rhodes . the relentless tide of migrants escaping the war-torn country of libya has continued since the tragic wreck this weekend .
gang used the power tool to cut through the wall of the hatton garden heist over the easter weekend . they raided 72 security boxes before escaping with wheelie bins full of precious gems . police are offering a # 20,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved in the raid .
tyus byrd , parma 's former assistant police chief , and rich medley , quit their jobs shortly after byrd won , according to multiple reports . cohen alleged in the interview with the news outlet that she and medley feared for their safety , and their home addresses had been shared online by byrd 's family members .
hillsborough investigators have launched an appeal to track down fans who tended to the wounded as they lay dying on the pitch . it comes at the request of some of the victims ' families , said officials . they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster .
lizzi crawford , 32 , tipped the scales at 20 stone when she overheard the young bus passenger ask his mum : ` has she got a baby in her belly ? ' . the embarrassing remark left the mother-of-six , from stoke-on-trent , mortified but inspired her to ditch her unhealthy lifestyle . she also devoured liquid calories in the form of wine and spirits .
bill gates , a failed vegetarian , says the world 's demand for meat can be met with ` moderation and innovation ' in his most recent blog post . he explains that some of the impacts of meat farming have been overstated . instead he believes it will be possible to keep eating meat and still care for the planet .
the sade-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag has gone on sale for # 140,000 . the rare tote is so exclusive that it ca n't even be brought in store . experts say it 's an extremely good investment . the limited supply and production of rare colours and skin have made these bags must-have collectors items resulting in an increased value over time .
the european parliament is set to vote on whether alcoholic drinks must include calorie counts on their labels next week . winemakers fear a fall in sales if consumers realise that ' a bottle of red wine has about the same amount of calories as half a packet of digestive biscuits ' . the européen des entreprises vins say the regulation would be devastating for smaller producers .
mary doyle keefe , who posed for norman rockwell 's iconic painting , died in simsbury , conneticut , aged 92 . mary became the poster girl for the u.s. women when she shot to fame by posing for the normal rockwell rosie the riveter .
paul armstrong , 26 , of sunderland , flew to cyprus with four friends . but after a spending spree on the trip , he was stopped at the airport . armstrong pleaded guilty to possession of a firearm and two offensive weapons . he was sentenced to eight months imprisonment , suspended for two years .
bbc accused of left-wing stitch-up on david cameron after party leader was repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions on radio 1 . listeners commenting on twitter accused the programme of ` leftist hostility ' and branded the interview ` appalling ' . prime minister was asked to rule out a deal with northern ireland 's dup because of its policies towards lesbian and gay people .
adam gadahn , a former little leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for osama bin laden , was born in 1978 in oregon as adam pearlman . he was killed in a drone strike in january , the white house acknowledged on thursday . gadahn 's father changed his name from pearlman to gadahn in the 1970s .
chancellor warns of a ` dangerous cocktail ' if ed miliband is at the mercy of snp leader nicola sturgeon . mr osborne named her price for supporting labour in any post-election deal . she demanded her mps have a say over the running of the whole of the uk .
bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran could face a firing squad within days after indonesian officials sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners . indonesia 's attorney-general 's spokesman , tony spontana , said the only thing left after this is to announce the execution date . the australian embassy has been summoned to nusakambangan island - where the executions will be carried out on saturday or tuesday
william hilton paul , 22 , was driving a 2006 honda ridgeline at 11.24 am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car , in lexington , kentucky , according to police . witnesses said paul was ` revving his engine ' while sitting alone in the truck . he refused blood and breathalyzer tests at the hospital .
study by lancashire 's edge hill university and the university of south australia has charted a direct link between anxiety and performance . pupils who worry about their exam performance are more likely to do badly than those who are less anxious . the study questioned 705 pupils from 11 schools .
the advert will be played on e4 on may 7 featuring ` darren ' -- the man fictionally in charge of keeping the programme on air . the radical move could have a significant impact on the election with the advert set to be seen by millions of potential voters . e4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers , reaching 8.7 million 16-34 year olds every month -- ahead of bbc2 and channel 5 .
dr arfon williams is the only doctor available across two rural practices . his partner and colleague of 20 years retired at the end of march . his surgery has been unable to attract a replacement and is currently functioning with a skeleton service . health bosses responsible for north wales said difficulties recruiting gps is a national issue .
two suspected australian terrorists were arrested in turkey on thursday . they were caught trying to sneak into syria to join the islamic state . it happened a day after turkey agreed to a new extradition treaty with australia . the new agreement was also initiated to close the turkish border to radicalised australians .
the fire brigades union say the practice is irresponsible and dangerous . the ambulance service is becoming increasingly reliant on firemen to attend life-threatening emergencies . in one case an elderly lady is feared to have died because she was left in the hands of fire crews for nearly 40 minutes while paramedics were delayed .
justine jones was left covered in huge sores and in agony after opening bottle . her mother jan jones had bought the bottle for granddaughter abi 's birthday . but despite the bottle being sealed and showing no evidence of being tampered with , the family were shocked when they inspected it further .
footage of the unusual scene was released by chinese traffic police last week . traffic authorities in eastern china said they were shocked when spotting this scene on cctv footage . the silver minivan , also known as a ` bread vehicle ' in china , is estimated to weight around one ton .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver j.t. mcgarr in 1980 . but more than three decades after he was incarcerated , it emerged that crucial dna analysis and investigative reports were withheld from his original trial . the longest-serving wrongfully imprisoned inmate in californian history was finally released last november .
the first eruption in over four decades yesterday sent vast clouds of dust more than six miles into the air . another unexpected eruption in the los lagos region today heightened fears of local waters becoming contaminated . previous and equally violent eruptions at calbuco have continued for up to a week , according to a volcanologist from oxford university .
footage shows the light general aviation aircraft approaching the aero acres residential airpark . despite the fact the plane travels at speed , its descent towards the landing strip appears normal until the video maker makes a startling observation . he states that the landing gear has not been deployed and at that very moment the plane touches down with a bump and scratches .
british and norwegian vets have called the directives ` scientifically illiterate ' . they say the use of homeopathy could lead to ` serious animal health and welfare detriment ' . the directives are set to be brought into national law in non-eu norway . organic fish farmers are only allowed to resort to mainstream medical treatments a maximum of twice per year .
study by paris-based organisation for economic cooperation and development used data from lisbon in portugal . by plugging the data into a computer model , they simulated how such self-driving , communal cabs would affect traffic . even with only one passenger per ride and no complementary public transport , the number of cars still dropped by 77 per cent .
navinder singh sarao , 36 , is accused of making # 26million from illegal trades over five years and an investigation team involving six agencies in the us and britain want him put on trial in new york . but analysts are bewildered that it 's taken this long for action to be taken .
robert durst , 72 , who faces a murder charge in an unrelated california case , remains jailed without bond in louisiana . he was arrested at a hotel in the new orleans capital in march a day before the finale of his hbo docu-series the jinx . authorities said he had a gun and marijuana in his room .
duchess of cambridge is a regular visitor to kensington palace and anmer hall . pippa , 31 , returned to london after spending several days with boyfriend nico jackson in geneva and will be close at hand when the baby arrives . the duchess is extremely close to her 31-year-old sister .
scientists at the university of wisconsin-la crosse have warned that bikram yoga can place pressure cause a person 's heart rate to fluctuate . a typical session lasts for 90 minutes and is performed in a room heated to 40 °c -lrb- 105 °f -rrb- , with 40 per cent humidity . twenty apparently healthy volunteers - seven men and 13 women - ranging in age from 28 to 67 took part in the study .
prime minister stepped off the sleeper train at penzance this morning . he wore jeans , smart shoes and a navy jacket as well as a red box . mr cameron is still trailing ed miliband 's labour party nationally . lib dems trail on 7 per cent with ukip in third on 14 per cent .
barry beavis , 48 , launched a legal bid to overturn his fine , saying it was unfair , disproportionate and unenforceable . but appeal court judges decided the size of the fine was neither ` extravagant or unconscionable ' . motoring groups reacted in fury to the decision , accusing the judges of being ` out of touch ' .
a staff member in doyle 's washington d.c. office opened a letter containing a grainy white substance and immediately alerted capitol police . the tests of the substance came back negative and the quarantine of room 239 of the cannon house office building was removed at 3:37 p.m. on wednesday . the white substance was cause for concern after powdered anthrax was mailed to members of congress in 2001 following the september 11 attacks .
guro 's ` series 7 ' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests , aluminium chassis and composite materials . passengers who are willing to pay a little extra for a seat in premium economy could one day sit in seats designed by acro aircraft seating . acro currently makes thousands of economy class seats for airlines such as klm , thomas cook and spirit .
ana figueroa , 55 , has spoken out for the first time since her son nicholas , 23 , died in a gas explosion on new york city 's 2nd avenue last month . the young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi restaurant when three buildings were destroyed . her upper east side family , which includes nixon , 52 , and his three younger brothers , says it still ` wants justice ' and those responsible for the explosion to
paul the apostle may have been a falling meteor 2,000 years ago . he was blinded for three days after seeing a bright light - match accounts . paul converted to christianity after experiencing a bright voice . it was the largest recorded meteor strike in more than a century . more than 1,600 people were injured by the shock wave from the explosion .
david cameron said he knows that when it comes to immigration , ` fears and worries ' remain . sitting in the house of commons from 2001 , i had a ringside seat on labour 's complete failure on immigration . underpinning it all was contempt for the views of most british people .
wellness warrior belle gibson sensationally admitted that her terminal brain cancer was a lie in an interview with the australian women 's weekly . leading psychologist jo lamble told daily mail australia that this is a common reaction from people who are suffering from anti-social personality and narcissism disorders . lamble believes gibson could be displaying signs of both a narcissism disorder and anti-harm disorder .
matt dunford , 30 , bombarded brazilian model amanda branco with 50 messages a day and tried to blackmail her out of # 5,000 . when she refused to pay the bodybuilder , he mocked-up an escort website on facebook and sent it to her mother and sister . dunford failed to appear at hammersmith magistrates ' court in february but was found guilty of two counts of harassment without violence in his absence .
theresa dybalski , a retired insurance company from lackawanna , new york , was celebrating at a birthday lunch when she received the ticket . her friend who gave it to her has died , so she plans to share her winnings with family members of her friend , who has not been named .
the image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 inside a stellar ` breeding ground ' called gum 29 , 20,000 light-years from earth . in the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars . hubble was launched on 24 april 1990 aboard space shuttle discovery .
the british institution can take credit for uniting these two continental imports and creating a coupling that is loved the world over . one hundred and fifty years ago , in 1860 , 13-year-old jewish boy called joseph malin had the bright idea of combining fried fish with chips . to increase the family income they had begun frying chips in a downstairs room of their house .
amelia morton , 23 , from birmingham , weighed 12-and-a-half stone . was shocked into a post-graduation diet after being told by her father : ` boys do n't fancy fat girls ' . the trainee teacher put on more than three stone in her first few months of university .
stacey tipler , 33 , used her job to steal # 642,000 from the royal marsden nhs trust . but she and partner scott chaplin , 34 , were caught and both jailed last summer . judge anthony leonard qc said tipler had made # 54,852 from the scheme . he ordered her to repay # 28,737.90 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail .
theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh . at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun . figures from the catholic church show the number of women becoming nuns in britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year .
south yorkshire police missed ` intelligence and investigative opportunities ' . inquiry by the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- concluded the police force did not use ` alternative strategies ' to protect victims or gather evidence . at least 1,400 children were abused in rotherham over 16 years .
robert bates , 73 , appeared in tulsa district court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty to second-degree manslaughter over the death of eric harris . there have been allegations bates was not properly trained and it is now emerged that when previously confronted by other deputies over his behavior , he told them he could do whatever he wanted . he was said to have used his personal car while on duty and made unauthorized vehicle stops .
survey by financial guide money advice service found 45 per cent of brion have lied about their earnings , spending and credit cars . 41 per cent said they were in the dark about their partner 's finances . one in five have lied to a partner about what they earn , with 10 per cent admitting to lying in both ways .
stunning image was captured above pitcaple in aberdeenshire yesterday as photographer graeme whipps picked up two meteors . the annual event has been observed for the last 2,700 years across the globe , but is expected to peak tonight with between 10 and 20 meteors an hour .
candlestick park , which has been home to the san francisco 49ers , has been torn down to make way for houses , a hotel and a shopping center . in 55 years there was a lot of wind and a whole lot of fog , but there were also some remarkable moments thanks to the one of the greatest to every play football . in their 43 seasons at candlestick , no player was bigger to the organization than joe montana , who would ultimately lead the team to four super
louis tomlinson , 23 , left london 's cirque du soir nightclub at 4am this morning and returned to his hotel in the company of five girls . it is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after zayn malik announced his decision to quit the band .
the meteor shower , visible around the world , has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour . the cosmic show will continue on saturday , so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors if you did n't last night .
the teacher , who had not been named , was teaching the fifth grade at hawthorne elementary in albuquerque , new mexico , when he made the chilling remark around a week ago . some students were so distressed by what they heard , that they immediately went to the school office to report the teacher .
care staff say they are increasingly being asked to perform tasks only carried out by nurses . these include changing catheter and colostomy bags , feeding through a tube and even administering morphine . almost a quarter -- giving medication such as morphine and insulin had received no training while 27 per cent said they were not trained in working with dementia patients .
army staf sgt julian mcdonald , of columbus , ohio , welcomed 4-year-old layka into his home after fighting to adopt her for two years . layka was on her eighth overseas military tour with sgt. mcdonald in 2012 when she was shot four times at point blank range by an enemy fighter with an ak-47 . despite being injured , layka completed the mission with her team and her wounds were treated upon her return to safe territory
sbs news reporter ellie laing has launched a scathing attack on an article in the australian that suggested she and other journalists were hired for being young , white and female . carroll denies he is hiring based on these standards , many of the journalists hired since his appointment in 2013 have fit the above bill . ` when a compliment suggesting i might be , in some way `` attractive , '' i 'll take it , with delight , ' she wrote in an open letter to several news outlets
a psychology expert has confirmed that shopping at or assembling furniture from the scandinavian store chain can be a serious source of friction between couples . ramani durvasula , a clinical psychologist in santa monica , california , told the wall street journal . she revealed that so many couples admitted to her that they were prone to fighting while assembling furniture . and her couples are not alone ; a report by civicscience states that 17 per cent of couples confessed that they would argue every time
lawyers for the parents of michael brown , the unarmed , black 18-year-old who was fatally shot by a white police officer in a st. louis suburb in august 2014 . the lawsuit had been expected . attorneys for the family said in a statement wednesday night that the wrongful death lawsuit would be filed ` soon ' . attorneys said at the time that the lawsuit would also name former officer darren wilson , who shot brown .
richard symonds , 29 , is one of the uk 's top administrators for the website . he once described himself as ` liberal democrat to the last ' . mr symonds angrily denied the claims , insisting the story was ` untrue from start to finish ' . he joined other party members who signed a letter to the guardian last year .
janet and john brennan bought barnholm castle for # 65,000 in 1997 . they have spent hundreds of thousands of pounds renovating it . but now it is on the market for offers over # 695,000 even though at that price the couple will lose a six-figure sum .
pictures show fighters from sawt al-haq -lrb- voice of rights -rrb- battalion of the free syrian army standing with their weapons as they undergo military training in aleppo . another shows female north korean soldiers patrolling along the banks of yalu river , close to the border with china .
warning : graphic content . the elephant was found stuck in a muddy quagmire in china . more than 20 villagers and police officers teamed together to free it . she died of starvation , dehydration or exhaustion . police and forestry officials got the villagers to fetch long wooden poles and ropes to use in the difficult extraction .
richard harpin has given the tories # 375,000 since 2008 -- including # 50,000 in the first week of the election campaign . the revelation will raise fresh questions for david cameron over his links to millionaire donors . mr harpin is the chief executive of homeserve -- the maintenance firm which styles itself as the uk 's ` fifth emergency service ' .
willa junior , a seattle-tacoma baggage handler , fell asleep in the cargo hold of a plane on april 13 . he woke up when a piece of luggage landed on him and then he called 911 - but his call cut out after just 44 seconds . junior says he was exhausted and dozed off while loading a plane . the airport worker says he would n't explain how he had the time to take a nap on the plane but says it used to be common practice .
security researchers have discovered a way to intercept a person 's fingerprints on a samsung galaxy s5 running android 4.4 and older . fingerprint scanners are often touted as the future of security and an alternative to the notoriously flawed password . but experts have discovered they may not be as secure as first thought after a number of android devices were said to be potentially ` leaking ' fingerprints .
bruce cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he does n't take down his ` offensive ' hay bale structure . the 59-year-old owns kaktus point charolais stud at lake charm in northwest victoria . he says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos .
ilha de mana is a 15-minute boat ride from paraty , and three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from rio de janeiro . the island is priced from # 2,500 a night -lrb- $ 3,750 -rrb- a night and can accommodate eight guests who rent the island . four smaller chalets each have a bedroom and bathroom , and the island has its own water supply .
jade and aaron badland asked asian family if they had ebola . they were too drunk to remember what they had done at the premier inn . mr badland , 24 , was wearing his army uniform during the attack . both newlyweds pleaded guilty to assault and were each ordered to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work .
patrick revins , 49 , sold # 10-worth of the class a drug hidden in a kinder egg . detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs . revins admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail . he is already serving for possession of knives .
researchers at the university of bath and yale university created the invention . it uses a newly designed molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel . water splitting is an electro-chemical process in which two electrodes generate oxygen and hydrogen from water . the energy required to drive this process gets locked up in the hydrogen as the fuel with oxygen as a by-product .
anne jarmain , 86 , was found at 7pm on wednesday ; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed cessnock road . her family and friend are in shock , with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet , ` strong-willed ' woman to stay at home . after two days without power and with limited food supplies , ms wilkinson insisted on making a ` quick trip ' into town .
david cameron used a selfie stick for the first time during visit to cornwall . pm posed with the telescopic device to take a photograph at pirate fm . selfie sticks work by fixing the camera to an adjustable clamp on a telescopic arm , allowing the users to feature in the wide angle photo they are taking .
the man was located after operation resolve launched the appeal . photographs which show the men and woman rushing towards those crushed were released , with investigators urging anyone who recognises them to come forward . they form part of an ongoing home office inquiry aiming to establish whether any individual or organisation was to blame for the disaster .
labour gave more than # 700,000 to ed miliband 's party , swelling labour 's election war chest for the last 14 days of the campaign . overall , labour received # 1.1 million in donations between april 6 and april 12 -- more than twice as much as the conservative party which received just # 492,512 .
kate , 22 , appeared on the cover of the 2012 sports illustrated swimsuit issue . lives by the abc rule : no alcohol , bread or processed carbohydrates . goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene . has grilled chicken , grilled vegetables and quinoa and then tops up with a protein bar .
julie ronayne was left ` looking like michelin man ' after bungled hysterectomy . her husband edward was awarded # 9,000 due to the nervous shock . the nhs is now fighting to overturn the payout , fearing it could have disastrous consequences for the organisation .
an associate dean of students at the university of virginia said wednesday a widely discredited rolling stone article caused her professional and personal harm . nicole p. eramo said in an open letter wednesday to the magazine 's publisher , jann s. wenner , that the magazine has not done enough to make amends . ` rolling stone has deeply damaged me both personally and professionally , ' eramo wrote . ` using me as the personification of a heartless administration , the rolling stone
fifa m. maacaron 's book , natural beauty alchemy , contains over 100 ingredients which treat all-manner of skincare ailments such as acne , oil and dryness . one woman has promised to revolutionise beauty regimes with her creation of more than 100 products , all organic and natural .
officer ben johnson , who has been on the force four years , was answering reports of a drunk woman inside deluxe nails at a strip mall in red rock , texas . when he arrived , he contained 27-year-old viviana keith , who was walking toward her car , and began handcuffing her . johnson claims the woman started resisting him , forcing him to pull a fast and forceful take-down . however video taken on his cash cam and by a person
the bum rush on the non-profit came about after a report cast a new shadow over the charity 's fundraising practices while hillary clinton served as the united state 's chief diplomat . a reuters investigation that revealed the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation had misreported millions of dollars in donations from foreign nations . the discovery came as separate financial reviews found that previously unreported foreign businesses either donated money directly to the family foundation or paid bill to speak while their countries were
tiffany williams and jessica versey , both 19 and from chester , cheshire , became close friends during their treatment and went into remission around the same time . they then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of miss versey 's chest scar - but these were reported for being ` offensive ' .
stephen munden , 54 , was last seen leaving a hospital near hook , hampshire . he is described as about 5ft 8ins tall , of a heavy build , and has dark hair . officers have launched a manhunt to find munden - who was detained under the mental health act after sexually touching the three-year-old girl .
australian prime minister tony abbott says the eu must ` urgently ' follow his lead to stop migrants dying in the mediterranean . australia has one of the toughest immigration policies in the developed world according to experts . critics believe millions of impoverished africans and asians are happy to set off into the leaky boats .
bahar mustafa , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university in london , sparked anger when she banned men and white people from a ` diversity ' meeting . the union eventually backed down after a backlash from students , one of whom described the exclusive policy as ` patronising beyond belief ' .
women diagnosed with breast cancer caused by the gene carried by angelina jolie could be helped to beat the disease if they have their ovaries removed . following the example of the hollywood star cuts their risk of dying from breast cancer by more than 60 per cent . if diagnosed , they face a severe threat of ovarian tumours .
president barack obama opened his speech on the south lawn by remarking ` that whole -lrb- deflategate -rrb- story got blown out of proportion , ' referring to an investigation that 11 out of 12 footballs were under-inflated . obama also quipped that he wished chicago could learn something from boston 's championship-winning ways .
facebook has launched a new app called hello designed to give you more control . it pulls in any publicly-shared data from a user 's facebook profile . it lets you block unwanted callers and lets you easily block callers . the free app is currently in testing and is only available on android devices in the us .
comcast is abandoning its bid to buy time warner cable for $ 45.2 billion and create a mega-size tv and internet provider . the move comes after federal communications commission decided that merger was n't in the public interest . bloomberg , followed by the new york times , reported thursday afternoon that comcast is planning to ` walk away ' from the deal rather than fight it out with the federal government .
a russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans may have had tentacles . one such creature can be seen at the centre of this illustration . they lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food . today , humans and many other organisms are bilaterally symmetric - we have a clearly discernible top and bottom , and a right .
photographs taken in a forest outside moscow , russia , show maria sidorova and lidia fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear . organisers wanted to highlight importance of living ` side-by-side ' with bears and to discourage hunting . in one picture , a model was shown wearing a fur coat .
christian tyrrell , 22 , was arrested wednesday on capital murder charges in connection to the march 19 death of 2-year-old adrian langlais . martinez 's son - winkler 's stepson - started dating tyrrell when she was six-months pregnant with adrian and they continued to babysit the toddler when the two broke up . adrian 's injuries to child protective services , but the agency closed the investigation in february , ruling out abuse from
london mayor insists position would not become vacant for five years . but he finally conceded : ` it would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in a position to be considered for such an honour ' . he has long been tipped as a future leader of the party , most recently by cameron .
nasa has put together a team of ` extraterrestrial experts ' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable . it says that amateur astronomers could help with its ` unprecedented ' search for et by accessing research data online . the initiative , dubbed nexus for exoplanet system science -lrb- nexss -rrb- , will include scientists from 10 universities including stanford , the university of california and yale .
the high landings fees give an insight into some of the most unexpectedly popular transport hubs for the rich and famous . owning a private jet is a luxury only afford to the wealthy , and you 'll need to be to continually fork out for landing charges which can reach thousands every time . the busiest weekends occur during huge sporting events , with the super bowl in america and the monaco grand prix the priciest times of year to fly .
charlene fritz , 35 , was visiting snow hill island as part of an expedition . despite being no more than two months old , the elephant seal pup is still thought to have weighed around 200lbs . ms fritz had the surprise of a lifetime when the baby elephant seal came out of the water for a cuddle .
former king juan carlos ii had affair with german socialite last year . but if felipe and letizia were upset about the revelations , they were n't showing it as they arrived at the university of alcala de henares to present the cervantes prize for literature .
the four-bedroom 19th century sandstone property cost dinnigan $ 4.45 million back in 2009 . the two-storey terrace home was built in 1880 , and is set on 379 square metres of prime paddington real estate . the international designer and her husband carefully renovated the property to be ` very sympathetic and in keeping with the period style ' .
the video was filmed at an undisclosed location in china . sees the woman demand that the man pays compensation for her damaged phone as she slaps him in the middle of a busy road . despite the elderly man promising to pay her back once he has the means to do so , she continues to berate him in front of witnesses .
bethune-cookman university student damian parks , 22 , drowned in daytona beach on sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am . students who were with him said strong currents pulled parks out to sea . his body was found monday morning . but university is investigating the death after university administration ` heard rumors ' that hazing was involved .
unite baron len mccluskey has boasted that trade unions ` own ' the labour party and its policies . he declared and went on to say : ` these are our policies ... they are now within our grasp ' . comes only 24 hours after alex salmond bragged that he would be writing labour 's budget .
the grade i listed walton canonry is on the south side of cathedral close . it boasts a view of the river avon , backing onto the meadow where john constable took studies for his famous 1831 painting of the cathedral . the property agents say they 'll need to find someone with deep pockets to buy the 8,147 square foot mansion with 1.6 acres .
department for fiscal studies says none of the major parties had given ` anything like full details ' on how they will tackle the deficit . tories accused of giving ` no detail ' about their deficit reduction plan . labour has left the door open to borrowing an extra # 26billion-a-year .
the pilot scheme is launching in munich next month and amazon has teamed up with audi and dhl to run the initiative . prime customers will soon be given the option to have their goods delivered to the boot , or trunk , of their car without needing to be near the vehicle . the delivery driver is then given temporary keyless access to the car .
abc released a fourth promo video on thursday on the eve of bruce jenner 's sitdown interview with diane sawyer . the 30-second clip opens with the former decathlete greeting sawyer at his home . bruce - the ex-husband of kardashian matriarch kris . appears somewhat anxious as he tells the sawyer : ` it 's going to be an emotional rollercoaster , but somehow i 'm gon na get through it '
charlotte s , now 94 , was an ss guard in the nazi death camps ravensbrück and auschwitz , according to stasi records . she was remembered by survivors as a feared woman who beat prisoners and unleashed on them her alsatian dog . now , seven decades on and in the twilight of their lives , just three were investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder .
the 20,000 sq ft main stage hosted the likes of metallica , the dead kennedy 's and r.e.m. before motorhead 's fatal performance on december 2 1984 . it was home to one of the earliest single screen cinemas in cleveland , ohio , before becoming an iconic music venue .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon said her predecessor alex salmond did not have to field questions on why he has not started a family . the snp leader insisted she was not ` moaning ' but also attacked the criticism she and other female politicians have had to endure over their appearance .
roman beefnah parked his audi a5 outside the dealership in chelmsford , essex , in february as a warning to other buyers . two months later and mr beefnah 's protest is still there , with the owner claiming that audi have failed to resolve his long-running complaint about the engine and fix the car .
stefania la greca is a political candidate for the lega sud ausonia party . the 36-year-old is hoping to represent caldoro in campania after may 's regional elections . she defended her photographs saying : ' i have not posted intimate photographs . what woman does not wear it ? ' .
the gender price gap website has exposed nine everyday items that cost more for women . members and everyday consumers have identified nine separate products that have identical female versions which cost more . bonds has been identified as one of the main culprits , advertising a button-up shirt , that comes in both ` summer blue ' and ` blue denim ' colour options .
andrew wood , of havant , hampshire , was accused of urinating into the ice machine at the hard rock hotel in the early hours of tuesday . a guest reportedly told a security guard at the hotel that there was a very intoxicated man on the premises . wood , 41 , from the uk , was arrested on disorderly conduct charges and placed in jail where he continued to act out .
ali maffucci , 28 , lost 11 kg in three months through replacing pasta , bread and rice with spirazlied vegetables . for every meal , she substituted spiralized vegetables for bread , pasta , rice and potatoes , and tells the healthista website how she went from a size 14/16 to a size 8/10 so rapidly . after eating courgette noodles recommended by her mother , ali fell in love with the spiralizing tool .
omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , regularly makes videos and posts on social media about life in the so-called islamic state . he complained about peeling potatoes and his troubles with washing his clothes . the former morrisons security guard has not managed to get himself a jihadi bride .
karlis bardelis , 30 , from latvia , was attempting to scale the cliff in coire an lochain , scotland , when the accident happened . footage from a camera mounted to his helmet shows the very second that his climbing axe came loose . mr berdalis said : ' i was just thinking `` i hope i land somewhere soft and do n't break any bones '' .
nicole mayhew had gone to work leaving her spouse working on his car . but while she was gone , the 43-year-old was seriously injured when the heavy vehicle fell off its jack - crushing his chest . mr mayhew was at work at the time of the accident , began to get a strange feeling she urgently needed to see her husband .
maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences , including the most serious charge of persistent sexual abuse of a child . his wife louise was at the court on thursday and successfully applied to alter a freezing order . it was varied to permit the sale of the property , on condition that half the net proceeds be paid to the court .
the foreskin facials are the latest unconventional beauty treatment to be hitting salons in new york . dubbed a hydrafacial , the treatment costs around $ 150 -lrb- # 100 -rrb- and uses stem cell from an infant 's foreskin . described as a ` multi-step treatment that promises to erase wrinkles , reverse sun damage , lighten dark spots , and prevent acne ' .
james creag , 11 , is so sick of being taunted that he has stopped putting on the special cream - meaning it is not safe for him to go outside . he suffers from the condition erythropoietic protoporphyria , whose victims are nicknamed ` real-life vampires ' because their skin can not be exposed to direct sunlight . the schoolboy has to wear a long-sleeved shirt , trousers , and gloves in all weather so he is not harmed by
meghan blalock has opened up about her battle with body image . the 29-year-old editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin and how being thinner did not equal being happier . she also reveals that her smallest form was achieved after losing 25 pounds as a teenager when she ` made it my mission to show up to my freshman year looking fitter and better than ever ' .
the dieticians association of australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies . dietitians have singled out a ` happy tummy brew ' in evans ' cookbook , bubba yum : the paleo way . the original recipe for the ` brew ' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin a for babies .
the 28-year-old girls star has penned an essay for seventeen magazine titled ` why i 'm on team weirdo for life ' . she recounted the regrettable moment when she yielded to the pressure to be a ` regular ' girl by altering her appearance . ' i was a bona fide weirdo in high school , ' she wrote .
archaeologists have discovered evidence that neanderthals regularly inhabited the cave of llenes , near senterada in catalonia , around 200,000 years ago . the remains of other canivores including cave bears , hyenas , leopards , wolves and badgers have been found in the cave . scratches on the walls and hibernations nests particularly indicate that cave bears spent a considerable amount of time there .
rhiannon taylor , 29 , from australia has turned her social media success into a growing company . travelling the world to review and photograph the most luxurious accommodations . the avid instagrammer has travelled the world from indonesia to the us and mexico to document great hotels .
survey by comres for the daily mail and itv news shows david cameron 's party has moved ahead in the last fortnight as labour , the liberal democrats and ukip have all slipped . with less than a fortnight to go , there is all to play for -- with a startling one in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back .
europe 's controversial new laws banning ultra-thin models from strutting down the catwalk may be doing more harm than good as models are reportedly going to extreme measures . former model jennifer sky , 38 , from brooklyn , new york , has revealed that thin models are now resorting to wearing weighted spanx in order to cheat the new bmi standards .
the sony world photography award winners were announced at a gala in london last night . mr moore 's images were named the best from a group of first place winners in categories that included architecture , arts and culture . other photo projects submitted for consideration included children playing football in one of argentina 's most dangerous slums .
thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , pleaded guilty to animal cruelty . footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on rottnest island on april 3 . the pair appeared before fremantle magistrate 's court last friday and were ordered to pay $ 4000 and were told they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to
police in texas unleashed their cowboy skills this week after a pony broke loose on the highway . the incident took place around 10am on tuesday along interstate 35w in fort worth , with traffic backed up as a result . sheriffs were eventually able to corral the pony and return him to his owner .
former cia director david petraeus avoided jail time at the hearing in charlotte , north carolina on thursday and was instead sentenced to two years probation . he was also fined $ 100,000 - more than double the $ 40,000 his attorneys had requested . he told the court he wanted to apologize to those closest to him ` for the pain my actions caused ' .
of 17 bingo halls tested seven showed traces of cocaine , while another had traces of crack cocaine , a more dangerous form of the drug that is smoked . while the venues do let players as young as 18 in , the majority of attendees are elderly , and the discoveries mirror a spike in oaps being treated for drug abuse .
janet street-porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy - which is getting longer by the day ! god forbid you get close enough to snog anyone sprouting a beard that makes them look like a sixties folk singer or an extra from a remake of moses . every september , i encounter women whose faces look suspiciously taut , whose saggy chins have vanished and who have managed to eradicate the bags under their eyes .
adele adkins , 26 , has topped the young music rich list again . the mother-of-one has double the wealth of her closest rivals . sam smith , 22 , is a new entry with # 12m , placing him on par with florence welch and the pairing of arctic monkey 's guitarist jamie cook .
clarence david moore , 66 , was convicted of larceny of more than $ 200 in north carolina in 1967 . he escaped from police custody three times during the 1970s and eventually settled into a quiet life . his health is poor from a stroke late last year and he has difficulty speaking .
images taken in isis-held territory in province of homs and show two accused men being savagely executed by up to four jihadis . huge , bloodthirsty crowds are seen in the desert clearing where the group of executioners made a display of hugging the blindfolded couple . before pummeling them to death with hundreds of fist-sized rocks .
the 14-year-old british boy has been remanded in custody after appearing in court today . he is said to have incited an australian teenager , sevdet besim , to behead , run over or shoot a police officer in a ` lee rigby style ' massacre . besim was arrested after greater manchester police revealed the extent of communications between the pair .
chris christie appeared on the tonight show and called out jimmy fallon for his weight jokes about the governor . fallon pulled out two spoons thinking the men could share the ice cream , at which point christie took the treat for himself , slowly moving away . christie meanwhile has not yet announced if he plans to run for president in the upcoming election .
the bright yellow gatso had previously enforced the 30mph speed limit for motorists along the residential road in handsworth , birmingham . it has not been working for two years after every single fixed device was switched off in the west midlands . speed enforcement operations have been carried out by a small number of mobile camera units , fixed cameras on motorways and traffic officers on patrol .
bettie jo , 47 , from houston , texas , was so immobile she needed her husband 's help to go to the toilet . she was unable to care for herself , meaning josh had to do everything for her . but josh has admitted he did n't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight because he feared if she became slimmer .
curtis stone 's image has always been of the affable aussie who loves to cook , but when it comes to his kids there 's some food that he just wo n't allow them to eat no matter what . he says his biggest priority is to feed his children healthy food .
documented and undocumented immigrants in the united states could reach a record high of 51million in just eight years . by 2060 , immigrants could account for 82 per cent of all population growth in the country . one in seven u.s. residents will be an immigrant by 2023 , the center for immigration studies said .
the grand adventure promises to deliver up and close and personal moments with some of the world 's most elusive and enchanting wildlife . guests will be guided across the globe on a carefully planned itinerary , taking them through africa , asia and the indian subcontinent to the polar regions .
she enraged twitter users by saying that ` unhealthy lifestyles ' should not be ` facilitated ' . the panellist said she was ` hounded on twitter ' after airing her views on the itv show in a discussion about overweight teenagers . she now insists she was only referring to people larger than a size 20 .
scientists in the netherlands were using the lofar radio telescope . they found it could measure changes in lightning caused by cosmic rays . they strike atmospheric molecules and create ` showers ' of elementary particles - the smallest known to exist . the method could provide a novel way to understand thunderclouds .
britain has long seen prosecco as the second choice to champagne . last year uk sales overtook those of champagne for the first time -- # 181.8 million compared with # 141.3 million . it 's been a long time coming , but it was barely known beyond well-travelled wine lovers .
andrew hutchinson raped two patients while under general anaesthetic . he was convicted of 23 separate charges last month including making indecent images of children outraging public decency and voyeurism . the 29-year-old was taken into custody at oxford crown court and is due to be sentenced next week .
researchers at the university of huddersfield have created a technique which they claim can distinguish between the genetic fingerprints of identical twins . identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes , meaning that until now it has been impossible to tell which sibling a sample comes from . but as they age different life experiences , such as smoking or diet , create variations in the number of hydrogen bonds in the dna .
carl bradey lost everything he owned in the blaze . the 25-year-old smashed through a window to rescue the child . he cut several of his main arteries on the broken glass and lost so much blood he fainted as he reached the front of the house . footage from inside the house shows the devastation caused by the fire .
andrew steele pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease to two counts of first-degree intentional homicide in the august 22 shooting deaths of his wife , ashlee steele , and her sister , 38-year-old kacee tollefsbol . defense attorneys argued that the disease damaged steele 's brain , making him not criminally responsible for the deaths . a jury deliberated for about 10 hours until all but two of the 12 agreed the verdict early on thursday .
five terrorist attacks have been foiled in france since charlie hebdo massacre in january . student sid ahmed ghlam , 24 , was allegedly preparing to storm catholic churches with an armoury of weapons . dna evidence also reportedly links ghlam to the murder of aurelie chatelain , a 33-year-old mother and fitness instructor .
alison saunders , the director of public prosecutions , said she was ` not afraid ' of a legal challenge because she is convinced the labour peer is not fit to plead because of his dementia . victims and leading politicians have accused her of ` damaging public confidence ' in the justice system with her ruling .
hillary clinton 's family 's charities are refiling at least five years of tax returns after an investigation revealed they had misreported tens of millions of dollars in donations . the charities ' errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments , or in other instances , omitted to break out government donations entirely when reporting revenue . the clinton foundation and its donors have been under intense scrutiny in recent weeks .
chilean volcano calbuco , in the country 's south , is believed to be among the three most dangerous of chile 's 90 active volcanoes . an estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of ensenada after the eruption , while several smaller townships were also cleared .
anika stanford arrived at leeton police station on thursday morning . she left 45 minutes later with a detective in a silver sedan . she was taken back to the home she shared with her son , vincent , and another son , luke . ms scott disappeared the weekend before her wedding to fiance aaron leeson-woolley .
henry rayhons , 78 , was accused of having sex with his wife at her nursing home . despite being told her dementia and alzheimers meant she no longer had the capacity to consent because of her dementia . mr raylons had argued that on the night in question he and his wife had been affectionate but had not had any sexual contact .
bbc has been accused of dumbing down the proms by holding an ibiza-style dance party . veteran dance dj pete tong will bring club classics to the royal albert hall for this year 's proms . it will take place on july 29 , coinciding with the 20th anniversary of radio 1 's broadcasts from ibiza .
the man-made quakes jolted once stable regions in eight states . parts of alabama , arkansas , colorado , kansas , new mexico , ohio , oklahoma and texas . earthquakes were sometimes caused by fracking , in which large volumes of water , sand and chemicals are pumped into rock formations to free oil or gas .
deputy finance minister dimitras mardas declared the country had been ` running on empty ' since february . with a debt repayment deadline looming on may 1 , greece faces the deeply damaging prospect of having to snub its own employees to make a $ 200m payment to the international monetary fund .
canadian jake malone , 60 , met a woman calling herself ` rili ' on a social website 11 months ago . she contacted mr malone after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit - but after turning up at her company 's address , he discovered the office had been closed for years . the pair have sent each other 396 emails in the last 11 months .
fiona ` kitty ' carroll was at kemah boardwalk marina as her father worked on his boat on wednesday but when he checked on the girl ` after a brief moment ' . her bucket was found in the water but there was no sign of the little girl . the girl 's father contacted police around 6pm to report that she had disappeared near the edge of the pier .
the craft beer revolution has seen connoisseurs knock back their interesting ales and small batch brews . the company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple . there will only be ten barrels of beer made and it wo n't be available in shops .
darren jones was seen stepping away from his podium after complaining of pins and needles in his legs . the 28-year-old approached presenter ellie pitt and his opponents on made in bristol 's decision made . an ambulance was called by cancelled while the programme was delayed for nine minutes .
kevin rebbie , 56 , of limerick township , pennsylvania , faces several charges , including aggravated indecent assault , unlawful contact with a minor , sexual abuse of children and invasion of privacy . the investigation began when a 15-year-old girl found a hidden camera under the sink in her bathroom in march . she told investigators that rebbie had been watching her for years when she was undressing and when he believed she was asleep .
ivan balashov was browsing through smartphones in a shop in novokuznetsk . he took a picture of himself wearing a bobble hat and a fake reebok top . but after deciding the camera on the mobile was not good enough , the 22-year-old grabbed another handset and headed for the exit where he was stopped by shop security .
koby hodder 's heart stopped for a staggering 12 minutes after he collapsed . he was playing british bulldog , a game in which children run from a playing field to another without being caught by one of the ` bulldogs ' . teachers across the country have called for the game to be banned .
a christie 's employee wears the maria christina royal devant-de-corsage brooch , which is expected to fetch # 1.33 million . the auction will showcase 351 historically significant and antique jewels spanning from the 18th to the 20th centuries . the most important piece is a pear- shaped d-color flawless diamond of 55.52 carats .
deborah kane had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain . the 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in lanzarote when she was 15 . she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper uv protection .
jeremy clarkson , james may and richard hammond held talks with top gear executive producer andy wilman just hours before it was announced he had quit the bbc . it means mr wilman is free to reunite with the team on a rival channel . there is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new series .
the arc de triomphe was constructed in 1806 and is the centrepiece of place charles de gaulle at the end of the champs-Élysées . nearly 100 submissions have been created , with a number of them focusing on the 300m-high eiffel tower in their creations .
researchers estimated that land in the country , minus all the buildings , roads and trees on top of it , achieved its peak value of $ 26.2 trillion in 2006 before sliding down three trillion dollars in three years . the entire country is worth $ 23trillion , according to new study .
two ambulances were sent to epping forest after a caller told crews ` someone ' had been run down , only for the ` victim ' to turn out to be a squirrel . the service said it receives around 2,500 calls per day , and in the last two years has had to deal with 1,248 that did not need emergency help .
alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day . footage shows him zipping towards the driver before he swings around and drives directly in his path . luckily the two jet skiers avoid a dangerous collision thanks to some swift steering skills .
lyvette crespo , 43 , entered the plea to a grand jury indictment . she was ordered held on $ 150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted . the crespos were high school sweethearts . lyvette 's brother says those claims are all a lie .
mohammad ali jawad , 56 , allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts . to the strains of the spanish singer crooning on his iphone , he is claimed to have asked her : ` do you see me as a man or a surgeon ? ' .
the first black woman to become the top u.s. law enforcement official , lynch , was approved by a 56-43 vote . she was the only member of the senate who did not cast a vote . a copy of a cruz for president invitation later began flying around twitter that showed the gop presidential candidate had skipped town early to make an appearance at a fundraiser at the home of former texas rangers owner and billionaire tom hicks .
the celebrity doctor used thursday 's episode of the dr. oz show to hit back and claim that the criticism is part of a conspiracy because of his views on genetically modified food . the 54-year-old found himself at the center of a firestorm last week when doctors sent a letter to the university where oz serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at college of physicians .
russell ` rusty ' yates , who has since remarried , slammed his ex-wife 's murder trial as the ` cruelest thing i have ever witnessed ' . he insisted her actions were ` completely a result of her illness ' and maintains she was a good mother who loved her children . yates was convicted of capital murder in 2002 and sentenced to life in prison after prosecutors tried and failed to get the death penalty .
francis george died friday , april 17 at age 78 after a long battle with cancer . he was to be buried thursday in his family 's plot at all saints cemetery in nearby des plaines . after being appointed by pope john paul ii in 1997 to lead the chicago archdiocese , george earned a reputation as an intellectual leader .
antoni van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment . he took three lice , nestled them among the hairs of his calf . on the seventh day , he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs . the stocking came off to reveal at least 25 lice running up and down his leg .
the classic anzac biscuit is a simple one that features rolled oats , desiccated coconut , and golden syrup as the primary ingredients . but how do they stack up against the original ? bake -lrb- or simply make , in the case of the raw variety -rrb- one or all of these recipes this weekend .
the mysterious signs have appeared across the surrey village of milford . they have sparked speculation as to the identity of the author . most people say sorry with flowers , a romantic dinner , or even chocolates . in total around seven hand-written messages were put up on lampposts .
prime minister pledged to deliver effective ` home rule ' for england . mr cameron said in the interests of fairness english mps must be given a veto on legislation that no longer applies in scotland . plan will involve reforming parliament 's committee stage , where mps discuss legislation in detail .
the spoof of the magnificent seven that stars and was written by sandler left the set after they became offended by the script 's jokes about their race and culture . it was so bad in fact that even the cultural adviser for the movie , which is filming in new mexico , walked off the set .
paul guzman of fairfield , california , took video that he claims shows police throwing his wife suzanne on the ground in handcuffs just moments after they reported their son missing . this after suzanne refused to let the officers into their home , something paul claims she was doing for their own safety . suzanne reportedly grew belligerent and can be heard cursing on their body cams , at which point they restrained her . the parents , paul and suzanne , are now filing a
ahmed gaddaf al-dam , a former minister and the late muammar gaddafi 's cousin , said the ` overwhelming chaos ' in libya ` has become a shame that will haunt the countries that had participated in the destruction of the libyan armed forces in 2011 ' . but senior conservative minister william hague has defended the government 's role in helping to overthrow the dictator .
ex-king of spain , juan carlos , was leading a double life and having an affair with a german aristocrat for the last ten years of his reign . ana romero , a former royal correspondent for the el mundo daily , said at the book : ` what do you see -lrb- in the book -rrb- ? well , the double life which obviously has not gone well ' .
daniel jamieson is accused of leaking confidential information about ben cousins ' arrest in march to his girlfriend channel 7 perth news reporter monique dirksz . the troubled star was arrested on march 11 over an alleged low-speed chase from bicton to mosman park , in perth . the 29-year-old was stood down immediately and has been charged with four counts of disclosing official secrets between march 11 and 17 , 2015 .
john hinckley jr. has been dating a woman he met at a national association for the mentally ill meeting . this was revealed by his brother scott during a hearing to determine if he should be able to permanently live outside st. elizabeth 's hospital in washington . instead with his mother , he has resided 17 days out of the month since december 2013 .
nbc journalist jeff rossen filmed an airport worker doing push-ups on the runway after loading a plane . footage shows the employee wearing his high-visibility jacket and gloves while performing the aerobic stunt . even after his 12th push-up , the fitness-enthusiast shows no sign of slowing down .
the owner was left devastated after his # 80,000 911 carrera was crushed by a builder 's lorry . both vehicles had been caught in traffic after a cyclist was injured on a nearby road and police were rushing to attend the scene . pictures showing the car 's battery hanging out of the front of the crumpled bonnet , only connected by a single wire .
bruce davis , 72 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald ` shorty ' shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972 . he was 30 years old at the time . davis claimed he has turned his life around in prison , earning a doctoral degree in philosophy , becoming religious and ministering to other inmates .
omar groening told the lueneburg state court on thursday he did not expect jews at auschwitz to make it out alive . he is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder . the 93-year-old has testified as a witness in other nazi trials .
david billing , 48 , had to undergo 14 hours of surgery at royal derby hospital . surgeons sawed through his jawbone and removed part of his tongue . the only drawback is that it still has hairs on it , and he now has to return to the hospital every few weeks to have it shaved .
new haul of previously unseen letters show brooke 's lovers complaining about his refusal to take their relationships seriously . the letters are part of the john schroder collection , which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public . king 's archivist patricia mcguire said that brooke was ` promiscuous even for a man of his time ' .
social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during new south wales ' worst storm in a decade . an image of a family-sized trampoline caught on power lines , not all of them were quite what they seemed . the clip was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa .
mark west , 32 , will serve four months prison and eight years probation for having sex with a student in 2012 . he pleaded guilty to the improper relationship while working at spring high school in spring , texas . he had previously said the girl instigated the moment , seducing him by saying she was ` feeling horny ' .
chris early , who owns a production company in knoxville , tennessee , bought a quadcopter to make commercials but he decided he could use it for personal surveillance purposes too . the tech-enthusiast released footage of one of his remote chaperoning sessions to abc news , showing how he is now able monitor his child 's whereabouts from the skies .
deutsche bank will pay $ 2.5 billion in fines for its role in a vast multi-year conspiracy to rig libor interest rates , us and british authorities said on thursday . the case centers on charges that deutsche bank derivatives traders manipulated the london interbank offered rate , used to peg millions of interest rate-sensitive contracts and loans around the world .
thousands of broken televisions , computers , microwaves and refrigerators are being illegally exported to african countries . 41 million tonnes of ` e-waste ' worth over # 34billion were discarded globally in 2014 , according to a shocking report by united nations university . the whole of the african continent produced only 1.9 metric tonnes of waste and yet ` millions of tonnes ' of broken products .
dave lee travis was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the mrs merton show . the 69-year-old was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment , suspended for two years . he was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial .
lindsay lohan shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as the parent trap , freaky friday and mean girls . despite showing much promise , the now 28-year-old began to experience regular run-ins with the law and started appearing on headlines for the wrong reasons .
the real-life tomb raiders began their daring plan by renting a restaurant across the road from guanghui temple in zhengdin county , north china at the start of february . while serving snacks to the public at the front of the building , a team on the inside was hard at work with shovels , ladders , and power drills - digging their way towards the temple 's famous hua pagoda .
san antonio police officers issued a fine to local chef and activist joan cheever for feeding the homeless at maverick park . cheever founded the chow train non-profit organization in 2005 , preparing hot meals in her licensed mobile kitchen . she has been using as a delivery truck because it is more maneuverable . mrs cheever was issued a citation and a $ 2,000 fine for failure to serve food out of a licensed food truck .
brittney griner and fellow wnba player glory johnson , both 24 , were arrested on suspicion of assault and disorderly conduct on wednesday afternoon . several people at the couple 's phoenix home tried to stop griner , who is 6 ' 3 '' , from fighting after an argument turned physical . johnson 's sister ultimately called cops to help break up the fight after the couple started throwing things at each other in the living room .
ruben blundell 's brother was four days overdue when his mother finally went into labour in the middle of the night . family had to deliver the baby at home and ruben assisted in the birth by fetching towels and even telling his mother to breathe . michelle madden , 30 , of rhos on sea , conwy , wales , said that ruben was so mature it was ` unbelievable ' .
michelle carter , 18 , looked glum as she appeared in court in new bedford , massachusetts on thursday accused of encouraging the death of conrad roy iii . during the hearing her defense attorney requested the case be moved out of bristol county , saying it 's ` impossible ' for carter to receive a fair trial in the area . the district attorney 's office filed a response arguing that the da , thomas quinn , has excused himself from any involvement in the
the chairman of a house committee investigating the 2012 terror attacks on americans in benghazi , libya , will testify at a public hearing next month . the move will set up a high-profile showdown over clinton 's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state . hillary stared ahead and walked wordlessly through a washington , dc airport , refusing to acknowledge her first campaign-trail question about the benghazi terror attacks . the first hearing would focus on cl
schoolgirl was left needing medical treatment at hounsdown school . she avoided serious injury from the colourless corrosive substance . an investigation was launched into the incident that is understood to have been a classroom prank . a student took a sip from a water bottle into which other students had put a small amount of hydrochloric acid .
the store in avlaston , derbyshire , was officially opened at 8am this morning . more than 200 people were found queueing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut . the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door .
kate temple was called a ` homewrecker ' by victim shelley williams . the three women got into a scuffle and temple left the victim covered in blood after biting a chunk out of her ear . the 33-year-old carried out the attack before attempting to buy another drink from the bar where she was refused .
former new england patriots tight end aaron hernandez , 25 , was moved to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts . he was convicted on april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd in 2013 . lloyd was dating the sister of his fiancee .
doug hughes , 61 , is ` lucky to be alive ' and ` should have been blown out of the air , ' rep. jason chaffetz , r-utah , chairman of the house oversight committee , told reporters just days after the incident that exposed a gap in the government 's efforts to ensure the security of the white house , capitol and other critical buildings in washington . senior officials from the secret service and capitol police briefed top house members behind closed doors .
robert downey jnr stormed out of a tv interview with channel 4 in london to promote his new film avengers : age of ultron . he had been on good form when the exchange started , in which he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster . but he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when krishnan guru-murthy began asking about his long-conquered personal demons .
the georgia southern nursing program console one each during a candlelight vigil and memorial service thursday for five nursing students who were killed in a multi-vehicle accident . college juniors emily clark , 20 , abbie deloach , 21 , of savannah , catherine pittman , caitlyn baggett died early wednesday morning on their way to school when a tractor-trailer plowed into traffic on interstate 16 . fellow students brittney mcd
lawyers for brown 's parents , lesley mcspadden and michael brown sr. , filed the complaint at the st. louis county courthouse on thursday . called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events . the lawsuit is seeking $ 75,000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages , and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques ` that demean , disregard , or unders
one of the muslims on board the rickety craft ordered him to stop . when he refused , a violent fight ensued and 12 christians drowned . news comes amid reports that 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa have been rescued by italian ships in the past week .
jules bianchi , 25 , crashed into a recovery vehicle at the japanese grand prix in october 2014 . the marussia driver is still in a coma but is ` fighting fiercely ' and his condition is stable . his father philippe has spoken of the pain his family have felt every day since the accident .
steve cotteril has taken bristol city to the brink of a championship return after two seasons in league one . city have already won silverware this season in the shape of a johnstone 's paint trophy win last month . lansdown is a rare breed in english football , unwavering in ploughing his own fortune into the club through love and nothing else .
emmanuel adebayor travelled in style to training earlier this year in a rolls royce phantom drophead coupe . lewis is an infrequent visitor to england , exiled for tax and lifestyle purposes in the bahamas . results on the pitch had taken a bit of a downturn and there was an air of anticipation when the driver got out to open the door for his wealthy passenger .
juventus beat monaco 1-0 in their champions league quarter-final first leg . ricardo carvalho scored a penalty to give juventus the lead in the second half . arturo vidal collided with the juventus forward as he made his way towards goal . juventus fans are rapturous as the team celebrate having taken the lead on 57 minutes .
chelsea 's kids have been buoyed by jose mourinho 's insistence on promoting young players at the club . jay dasilva left luton town 's academy to make the 100-mile round trip , three or fours times a week . chelsea became uefa youth champions in switzerland in january 2012 .
scott turner schofield will become the first transgender man to have a recurring role on a daytime soap opera when he appears on the bold and the beautiful . it will mark the television acting debut of scott , who is a performer , speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues .
lee tomlin scored the opening goal in middlesbrough 's 2-0 win at home to rotherham on saturday . lee tomlin and patrick bamford missed a late penalty for the top three sides . boro stayed fourth in the sky bet championship table , while boro remain fourth .
roberto carlos won the competition three times in five seasons with los blancos , lifting the famous trophy in 1998 , 2000 and 2002 . here , carlos recalls the great names he played alongside and against and explains why they 've made his champions league dream team . the brazilian won the champions league on five occasions during his career .
brentford are deliberating over the future of kit symons . they replaced felix magath in september but has won only one of his last eight games . mark warburton has given his new chief football officer mike rigg the power to choose fulham 's next manager .
douglas bader was shot down over france in 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg . the officer , who always made light of his disability and refused to even use a stick , was involved in a mass break-out . it was immortalised in the great escape starring steve mcqueen and richard attenborough .
leonie granger , 25 , targeted playboy mehmet hassan , 56 , after spotting him flashing a roll of # 50 notes at a casino in london 's west end . care assistant , from gillingham , kent , used her good looks to befriend the poker player , who showered her with gifts , cash and trips to fancy restaurants . they tied up the father of three and kicked him to death as they ransacked his home to find his hidden winnings .
crystal palace beat sunderland 4-1 at the stadium of light . yannick bolasie completed his hat-trick for the visitors . connor wickham and adam johnson were also both stood nearer their own goal than the ref when james mcarthur ' clearance began .
eden hazard has scored 18 goals across all competitions for chelsea this season . the 24-year-old belgian was rewarded for his sterling performances with the top individual award of the night at the grosvenor hotel in london . hazard has remarkably won player of the year every season since 2009 .
lionel messi made it 400 goals for barcelona in a 2-0 win over valencia . the argentine scored with the last kick and luis suarez scored with practically his first . claudio bravo saved a dani parejo penalty as valencia dominated .
brent council said it was no longer able to afford to pay for a live-in carer . this is despite the fact he had already used # 50,000 of his life savings . donations page set up by forces charity help for heroes has already raised # 10,000 to help mr clark remain in his own home .
portsmouth have sacked manager andy awford . the club parted company with awford at a meeting this morning . awford said his goodbyes to the portsmouth players after he was informed of the news . the 42-year-old won 20 of the 55 matches he was in charge .
a new documentary is about to blow the lid on the illegal organ trade . it is now allegedly worth a staggering us$ 1 billion a year in china . only a tiny number of people on the official donor register . the documentary will show how once researchers around the world began to uncover the gory details .
juan cuardrado arrived at chelsea for # 23m from fiorentina . he has played just over three hours of top-flight football , failing to score or create a goal in that period . wilfried bony has netted only one goal as manchester city boss .
chelsea host arsenal at the emirates on sunday -lrb- may 10 -rrb- . jose mourinho 's side are nine points clear at the summit of the table . in a letter from hammersmith and fulham council , the schedule for the celebrations are laid out .
radamel falcao made his name with chelsea centre back gary cahill . the colombian forward confronts blues captain john terry after the pair got tangled on the ground . he has yet to score against the top level premier league teams . click here for all the latest manchester united news .
mike ashley agreed to buy a plot of land in chelsea from john lewis . the clearings has been primed for redevelopment , with planning permission for 62 luxury flats , seven townhouses and an agreement to relocate marlborough primary school . ashley will add something in the region of another # 1bn to his net worth .
philippe coutinho described it as the ` ultimate honour ' to speak to brazil icon pele . the kop has christened o magico -lrb- the magician -rrb- , but before liverpool 's tussle last month he and lucas leiva were given the chance to meet brazil 's most famous son .
atletico madrid and real madrid may have played out a goalless draw at the vicente calderon on tuesday night . carlo ancelotti 's favoured centre-back partnership is sergio ramos and pepe , but in raphael varane , they have a diamond . pepe 's injury trouble recently has meant varane has started a few games , continuing the education that began under jose mourinho .
bob harding , 89 , of oklahoma , began exchanging emails with carter and jack hanson of raleigh , north carolina about a year ago . they recently had the chance to meet each other on board the yorktown aircraft carrier where he once served . mr harding served as an aircraft handler on the warship many decades before his young friends were born .
luka modric pulled up in the second half against malaga on saturday . tests on sunday confirmed a sprained ligament in his right knee . real madrid will have karim benzema back against atletico madrid . gareth bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the bernabeu .
jose mourinho led an angry touchline delegation in pursuit of fourth official lee mason . the chelsea manager and his assistant steve holland had been complaining about the charge from goal by goalkeeper david ospina . fabregas returned to emirates stadium for the first time since leaving for barcelona in 2011 .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on sunday . john terry was at the heart of another impressive defensive display . sky sports pundit and sportsmail columnist jamie carragher said the 34-year-old was the best defender to play in the premier league era .
chelsea host chelsea at emirates stadium on sunday . john terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well . the blues are undefeated against the top four this season where arsenal have lost twice -- that is the gap wenger 's side need to bridge .
dougie freedman is set to sign a new two-year deal at nottingham forest . freedman replaced stuart pearce and the club 's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the city ground . forest 's ownership making moves to secure freedman on a contract for the next two seasons .
images show fiery cross reef virtually untouched by man-made structures in march 2014 but by march this year it had been transformed into an artificial island . china 's building activity in the spratly islands has infuriated neighbouring countries and the united states whose leadership accused the country of bullying others with its ` military muscle ' .
china claims beijing was ` using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions ' . but a furious chinese leadership has argued that it is washington which possesses - and wields - the greatest military muscle . the war of words come as newly-released satellite images reveal a flotilla of chinese vessels dredging sand onto artificially-built land masses near the spratly islands .
frank ernest shepherd , iii of houston , texas , led police on a high-speed chase after being pulled over for a traffic stop that ended when he slammed into another vehicle . he then got out of the car and reached into his backseat before being shot by police . the entire incident was captured live by a helicopter filming from above .
an estimated 1,000 allied soldiers died on the first day of the disastrous invasion until january 1916 . after huge losses on both sides , the allies successfully fooled the turkish forces and evacuated their soldiers from the peninsula . historian stephen chambers released the poignant images to mark the catastrophic campaign 's centenary .
columbia university faculty say dr mehmet oz 's tactics have ` sullied their reputation ' - but also applauded him for the work he had carried out at the ivy league school . 10 doctors urged columbia to sever all ties with oz , who serves as vice chairman and professor of surgery at the college of physicians . those doctors accused him of being a ` charlatan ' who promotes ` quack treatments ' on his syndicated talk show .
linda thompson , 64 , tweeted a message of support for the olympian ahead of his abc prime time special with diane sawyer set to air on friday night . it 's the first public comment the former beauty queen has made about his rumored transition from male to female .
researchers examined the brains of more than 900 people aged more than 60 and assessed the pollution risk . microscopic particles have previously been shown to cause lung damage and harmful changes in blood vessels and clotting . thought to contribute to the deaths of 29,000 people every year in britain .
zermatt in the upper valais area of switzerland has imposed the ban . a report from an animal welfare charity alleged the dogs were kept in ` miserable conditions ' . the organisation has been calling for the town council of zermatt to ban the use of the dogs for many years . it said the dogs are left without food or water in foul smelling conditions .
julie schenecker , 54 , was convicted last may of shooting her son beau , 13 , and daughter calyx , 16 , in their tampa bay , florida home in january 2011 . she says she pulled the trigger to ` save ' her children , despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being ` mouthy ' . when asked by abc action news in the interview if she regretted the shooting , she has said she does not regret the claims .
jordan brennan was attacked in september 2014 after breaking into gangnam style dancing in his local corner shop . the 17-year-old was jailed for eight months for manslaughter . mother-of-five , from gorton , manchester , has slammed what she calls the lenient sentence , saying : ` there is no justice at all ' .
switzerland is the world 's happiest nation thanks to healthy gdp figures , strong social bonds and an increasing life expectancy . britons are happier now than they were two years ago , the study found . despite often mocking its northern neighbour as an inferior nation , the u.s. is a full 10 places below canada , ranking at 10th and fifth respectively .
cameron 's advisers have the same fear and have called on campaigners to change tack today . business leaders said cameron 's role in delivering economic growth had become the ` background noise ' of the conservative campaign . comes weeks after more than 100 of britain 's top business leaders backed the conservatives ' economic plan .
ashley manzie was combing the park with his metal detector when he discovered a medal belonging to frederick george biddulph , who served with the 23rd australian infantry battalion at gallipolli between 1914 and 1915 . mr manzie posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum . the discovery has raised more questions than it has answered .
alexis douglas was playing at her sister 's friend 's house in melbourne earlier this year when a neighbour 's pitbull attacked the little girl . her mother monique douglas told daily mail australia that not a day goes by that she cries for her daughter who has been left so traumatised that she is unable to play outside by herself . but what has outraged mrs douglas even more is that the dog 's owner escaped without a conviction for not registering his
drug firm glaxosmithkline has applied for a licence from the european medicines agency -lrb- ema -rrb- for the rts , s vaccine . tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-saharan africa . but the protection waned over time , boosters worked less well than the initial dose and the vaccine was not as effective in younger children .
the pledge is contained in a ` home-school agreement ' which all children must sign before they start at turnham primary school in september . the infants must also promise to refrain from using homophobic and racist phrases and to be tolerant of people with different sexual orientations . each child must print their name and provide a signature to confirm that they understand their ` responsibilities ' while attending the school .
the horse , charly , was patrolling venice beach with his minders tuesday when the vandalism incident occurred . it was broad daylight , and somehow the person managed to spray charlie without the handlers seeing - a move that taggers pride themselves on , but usually with stationary objects and facades . authorities are hoping they will be able to track down the person responsible using the tag , which was ` rbs ' .
damon clay , 17 , is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at grady memorial hospital in atlanta . two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping . relatives of the scalded victim said the two men accused him of stealing a playstation 3 .
anthony trollope introduced post boxes to the uk in 1852 after seeing them in france . the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life , including the first post box design . red has remained the standard colour for uk boxes with only a few exceptions , one being blue post boxes for overseas mail .
about 15 animals ran away from their pen in schodack , upstate new york , on thursday evening and then swam across the hudson river . they then started running down the thruway , a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state . three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of coeymans , about 10 miles south of the state capital albany .
nicola sturgeon said she would form an anti-tory alliance with labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many mps david cameron wins on may 7 . snp could win as many as 50 mps in scotland - allowing mr miliband to become prime minister even if he falls far short of a majority .
molly parks , 24 , passed away on april 16 after she overdosed on heroin in the bathroom of the pizza restaurant where she worked . her father , tom parks , said she had abused alcohol and prescription pills before moving on to heroin . days later , he wrote an obituary about her struggle with drugs .
michael hanline , 69 , was convicted of murder for the fatal shooting of truck driver jt mcgarry in 1980 , and on wednesday a judge dismissed the charges against him . in a video posted on april 20 by the california innocence project , he is seen on the day he was released at the counter of a carl 's jr asking for a hamburger ` they show on tv with the bacon on it ' . as he dug into his meal of a
the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made . it was the pride and joy of the father of ferris bueller 's best friend cameron in the movie . that was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below .
kiwi jihadi mark john taylor posted a video to youtube urging is sympathisers to attack anzac day services in australia and new zealand . in the video , taylor instructed fellow jihadists to act out against police and soldiers . the video has since been removed after 3 news notified authorities .
beth o'rourke , 44 , of paxton , massachusetts , has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer . on april 16 , the mother of courtney , 11 , and seamus , 8 , lost that fight . but as she stated in her obituary , ' i was a survivor ' . she then went on to acknowledge all those she loved so much in her life , and then express just how happy she was , even though she was gone .
sarah grimes has dropped her lawsuit against her former sorority sister kristen saban , bringing an end to a legal fight between sorority sisters . the lawsuit said grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl , which evidence showed began over a facebook post after a night of drinking . grimes sued the coach 's daughter in tuscaloosa county in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010 .
mike steward has outlined an approach , known in gambling parlance as the martingale betting strategy . the traditional game of two up involves two coins but many venues now play with three for ease of betting among the crowd . it is now legal to be played on anzac day across returned servicemen league clubs -lrb- rsl -rrb- and pubs .
jay brittain , 63 , was worried the baby owls at small breeds farm park and owl centre , herefordshire , look so similar at birth that he could end up overfeeding them . he instructed workers at the farm to varnish the claws of each fluffy owlet using nail polish in their own ` talon salon ' . the first born tawny owl is given orange talons , the second hatched has theirs painted purple and for the third born , pink .
apple launches its first smartwatch today - but anyone turning up to buy one in the high street will be disappointed . consumers willing to shell out between # 299 to # 13,500 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june . city analysts believe the company feared the queues might be embarrassingly small and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang .
rhiannon langley is recovering from rhinoplasty at a bangkok hotel . the 24-year-old is at a five-star hotel , part of the $ 5,190 ` bangkok nose job ' medical tourism package she is on . the hairdresser turned model raised eyebrows this week for her decision to go public with her ` nose job journey ' in spectacular fashion .
` the preponderance of scientific evidence is on the side of the president in making this argument , ' press secretary josh earnest said today . he was asked about a duke study that claimed the earth is n't heating up as quickly as expected . without any nudging , ` and there are some who are involved in politics that choose to deny that fact because it 's inconvenient to their case and it might be inconvenient to some of their strongest political supporters ' .
mick schumacher will make his debut in the adac formula 4 series in germany . the 16-year-old will drive under his own name for the first time in his career . he will start on the grid in 19th position out of 38 tomorrow and take part in two more races on sunday .
chinese scientists have reported a 23 per cent reduction in myopia in children who spend an extra 40 minutes a day in the sunshine . studies in australia and by ohio state university in the us produced similar results . leading eye surgeon david allamby warned that an increase in eyesight problems is likely in britain if children do not regain a love of the great outdoors .
the women of japan swear by the ` beauty from within ' philosophy . they prefer to sip on tincture tonics to beat acne . mahonia , a traditional herbal treatment for acne , is a number one bestseller . it contains high levels of alkaloids , berberine and hydrastine .
ohio woman found out that her unborn daughter would n't survive outside the womb , and she chose to get an abortion . at about five months along , she was n't showing yet , and though her family assured it was just because she had an athletic body , she explained : ` things just felt wrong , felt off ' .
the department of immigration ranked third in the survey of australia 's most attractive employer awards . virgin , the second-largest airline in the country , was reportedly handed the accolade for its ` pleasant working atmosphere , a good work-life balance and strong management ' . other australians named the abc as the place they would most like to work , alongside journalist leigh sales .
alison , 43 , from gloucestershire , has since had to go under the knife a further 12 times but is still living with the damage that ensued following a breast augmentation operation six years ago . the retail worker has now had a 13th operation on her breasts , this time as part of tlc show extreme beauty disasters .
scots guard shaun smith , 25 , can be seen stamping 18 times on victim 's head . his fellow soldier , welsh guard jason collins , 22 , rained blows with his fists . smith was described as an ` angel ' in court by his officer at teesside crown court . but yesterday a judge made what even he admitted was an ` extraordinary ' decision to let the men walk free .
ariella and mark aziz struggled to keep their daughter still after strapping her in the connector belt required for children under the age of two . one-year-old sarina aziz became agitated on a flight from israel to luton that led to her being ejected from the plane .
tv presenter richard wilkins has retraced the steps of the man he affectionately called `` papa '' in gallipoli . the 60-year-old made the pilgrimage on the eve of the centenary commemorations , to discover more of his grandfather , george william thomson . he tells how having read excerpts from his war diary , lit ' a flame of interest ' to learn more of the world war one veteran .
rachael bishop , 19 , was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain 's lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in , unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun . when that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head multiple times . bishop said it was ` just a reaction ' , an instinct to protect the store .
heida reed , 27 , stars in the period drama as poldark 's former lover elizabeth , said turner was being ` objectified ' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female . miss reed said she knew ` for a fact that -lsb- turner is -rsb- completely baffled by the amount of interest ' in images that show him scything in a field .
posters promoting a ` straight pride ' week at a northeast ohio university were removed this week after consulting with university officials . the posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students . campus leaders at the approximately 15,000-student university said that while they believe the posters were satire , the message was inappropriate .
andrea mcveigh , 44 , was sent crashing face-first into the concrete . the social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead , as well as other facial and hand injuries . met police have issued cctv footage of a cyclist they want to speak to .
video posted by elihudi justin urassa , from brighton , on facebook . it has been watched more than 3.7 million times on facebook in just a day . one user commented : ` now this one is funny ' . another said : ` whether your lips are naturally plump or you need some assistance from pringles tortilla , we 're all about showing off your tasty pout ' .
ukip leader nigel farage said the party is only seen as racist by white people . he said the idea that ukip is racist is based on ` no evidence whatsoever ' . mr farage claims that he gets an ` unbelievably ' positive welcome when he meets black people , he said .
kim kardashian told e! : ` the family is watching all together with bruce , so i 'm literally rushing out right after this to catch a flight home so they can wait and watch it with me ' . the 34-year-old beauty told extra on friday afternoon during a variety event that she would indeed be watching former stepfather bruce jenner talk to diane sawyer .
baltimore police commissioner anthony batts ruled out his resignation despite that fact that his deputy admitted they should have sought medical attention for freddie gray . gray , who is black , was arrested april 12 after he made eye contact with officers and ran away . he became irate and leg cuffs were put on him .
the claim made by his embalmers , who have developed experimental techniques to maintain the look and feel of the communist revolutionary 's body . they brag that their technique has been the result of almost a century of fine-tuning , creating a science that has benefited real-world medical applications .
artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters . they show how we could colonise various worlds in the solar system . included are humans skiing on a moon of uranus and living in cities on mars . others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth .
the number of fatal crashes involving teenage drivers has dropped 55 per cent in the past decade . between 2004 and 2013 , the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in u.s. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568 , per 100,000 people . new safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities .
timothy crook is alleged to have murdered his elderly parents bob , 90 , and elsie , 83 , and then driven their bodies to lincoln , where they used to live . but the grey car he is accused of using to transport the bodies has been lost . prosecutors have been accused of losing a nissan micra at the centre of a double murder case .
the fort was found on top of the dunnicaer sea stack close to stonehaven , aberdeenshire . it would have given the inhabitants a strong defensive position , although resupplying the fort up the cliff faces would have been hard . stones used to construct the walls were also engraved with pictish designs of fish and disks with broken spears through them .
temperatures underneath a slide at the park in the north-east of the japanese capital showed radiation readings of up to 480 microsieverts per hour . this is nearly half the recommended annual limit of exposure for a person . authorities believe the radiation could be coming from something buried underneath the park .
jeni 's splendid ice creams of ohio said on its website on thursday that it is recalling its frozen products after the listeria discovery . in an online statement , the company wrote it is ceasing all sales and closing all scoop shops until its products are ` ensured to be 100 per cent safe ' . half of the shops are in columbus , others are listed in atlanta ; chicago ; charleston , south carolina ; and nashville , t
british guantanamo bay detainee shaker aamer is expected to be freed in june . the 48-year-old is likely to be released in the summer after 13 years in captivity . it came as the man appointed by president barack obama to speed up the closure of the notorious prison camp .
christopher wheeler , 54 , had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $ 350,000 mansion in wilmington in october 2013 . one of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act . nikolai has denied the allegations and wheeler has not faced abuse charges .
rose mcgrath of battle creek , michigan said tearfully of her school kicking her out for poor attendance because of her leukemia . last week st. joseph 's middle school , a private catholic school , sent a letter to rose and her dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance . ' i did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' rose said . rose 's mother barbara said even though her daughter is no
charlene wall jeffs , 58 , had 10 children with her husband and the two have been married for 31 years , but she claims the church has ` become even more disturbing than it was under warren ' . lyle jeff 's brothers refused to answer questions about suspected child labor violations on a utah pecan farm .
jessa , 22 , and her 19-year-old husband ben announced the news of their pregnancy ina video for tlc.com . featured them both making health smoothies , and jessa has revealed that one of the first things the couple considered after hearing the news was how to adjust her workouts .
the 65-year-old told diane sawyer he had plastic surgery in the mid-1980s to make himself look more feminine . but he stopped out of ` fear ' of publicity and shame , and kept his secret to himself until he could n't bear it any longer . bruce said he was exploring the idea of gender reassignment surgery with doctors in denmark but had a change of heart .
paul gregory , 51 , of bedford , has been fined # 795 for having a blue badge . he claimed he could only walk 200 metres , when in fact he was a keen walker . bedford borough council staff read an article in the westmorland gazette . said he was knocked over by four cows in a field at the edge of shap in cumbria .
the airport could be called ` birmingham london ' as the hs2 rail link will make the hub just 38 minutes from the centre of the capital . there are concerns that not enough americans will know who the playwright is . a similar rebranding in china has attracted thousands of tourists to birmingham by advertising its proximity to shakespeare 's place of birth .
emma louise connolly is known as the bombshell girlfriend of made in chelsea 's ollie proudlock . billed by the brand as ` perfect for every blushing bride ' , the underwear and loungewear collection comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude . items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32a-38dd .
steve spowart dived down into the freezing cold water to cut the barbed wire and free the horses that had become tangled in fences . the animals ' owner , sonia sharrock , praised her brother-in-law , for his incredible feat , saying ` i do n't know what i would have done without him and my sister ' . on tuesday morning the horses were just ankle deep in water , but by 1pm it was up to their chest .
the suspects , all of somali descent , were detained after months of being monitored by the fbi through one of their former allies . on thursday , there were audible gasps in the court room as a government official revealed the informant , who once planned to travel to syria himself , has been paid at least $ 13,000 for providing tip-offs . the suspects ' families screamed from the packed public gallery as their lawyers questioned the reliability of the mole .
photographer martin beck has snapped captain america , iron man and the green lantern taking a step back from fighting crime . the dubai-based artist of scottish and south african heritage has produced the series of gritty portraits laced with melancholy humour . his subjects look like they ca n't get over the fact they 've had to retire , or like they never quite passed at superhero school .
a 23-year-old taylors hill man was arrested on thursday and charged with one count of armed robbery . he allegedly confronted a female cashier with what appeared to be a homemade machine gun he pulled out of a bag before making off with cash . the man was remanded in custody to appear in melbourne magistrates court at a later date .
sofia abramovich is the daughter of russian billionaire roman . the 18-year-old has found herself at the end of some cruel and unnecessary criticism . sofia posted an image to instagram explaining how she was not going to let people on instagram get her down anymore .
the agreement was designed to provide uniformity of public holidays . if easter , christmas , australia day , the queen 's birthday or labour day fall on a weekend , a holiday is granted on a weekday . other departments such as the australian taxation office and defence will have to turn up to work .
a house in narrabeen has been demolished after it was damaged in the this week 's destructive storm in sydney . a tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down , but authorities feared it was only a matter of time . a cherry picker was brought in to harness the house 's weight , and pressurised fire hoses pushed it further down the hill as a thick cable was used control the direction it fell .
re high commissioner for human rights zeid ra'ad al husein said katie hopkins had used language similar to that of rwandan media . he said the article was reflective of a ` nasty underbelly of racism ' . this was also ` sapping compassion for the thousands of people fleeing conflict , human rights violations and economic deprivation who are drowning in the mediterranean ' .
the duchess of cambridge is due to give birth any day now . experts agree that carefully easing the body back into exercise is the best method and camilla lawrence warns that trying to do too much too soon following pregnancy and birth can do long term damage to your body . the confusion and lack of trusted information can leave some women baffled .
the unnamed 20-year-old woman was driving on the i-25 in weld county , north of denver , when her window shattered and she felt bleeding from both sides of her neck . she was taken to hospital where surgeons found she had been shot clean through the neck . miraculously , the bullet did not damage the woman 's airway or sever any major blood vessels .
in the case of late 19th-century america , it was the ` escort card ' - not to be confused with the explicit sort you might imagine today . collector alan mays has unearthed a treasure trove of these vintage ice-breakers , which bear phrases such as : ` may i be permitted the blissful pleasure of escorting you home this evening ? ' .
the pariah state may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads , it has now been suggested . chinese estimates of pyongyang 's nuclear production exceed most previous us forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs . north korea has conducted three nuclear detonations , the most recent in february 2013 .
the intruders broke into a home in hatfield peverel , essex , flooded the kitchen , dumped the tv in a bath filled with water and slashed sofas . they stole jewellery including a wedding ring and watches , a computer , laptop and tablet from the house . the group even stopped for some toast - leaving bread and butter out on the sideboard .
chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday . footage shows him entering the burning building and carefully navigating the smoke-filled interiors . at one point he 's seen hosing down a glass skylight with debris falling down .
detective sergeant stephen phillips , 46 , and police constables christopher evans , 37 , and michael stokes , 34 are all facing charges of ` theft by a serving police officer ' . the three officers from south wales police were all arrested as a result of an investigation being carried out by the force 's professional standards department .
louise henderson alakil , 49 , worked as a teacher at the international school in the capital sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close . she is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city with her youngest children , miriam , 11 , and ayesha , nine . britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country , but fear they will not return .
angelina jolie 's acclaimed film about kidnap and rape of 14-year-old girl in ethiopia has helped burnish her image as a human rights campaigner . aberash bekele , 32 , believes the film could put her and her family in danger of reprisals .
linda shute has banned children from consuming drinks at rowdown primary school in new addington , south london . some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict , claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water . another campaigner , anela , added : ` they should be able to drink whatever they want and not just water because some kids do n't like water ' .
usain bolt , 28 , said he has had to lay off his beloved fast food and eat a ` lot more vegetables ' . the jamaican sprinter said that he needs to be ` perfect in training ' and ` eating right is a part of training ' . he said : ' i have n't had kfc for about four months , which is killing me ' .
the yellowstone supervolcano is one of the largest active continental silicicic volcanic fields in the world . it is situated in yellowstone national park - which spans the midwestern us states of wyoming , idaho and montana - and last erupted 640,000 years ago . experts say there is a one in 700,000 annual chance of a volcanic eruption at the site .
kate dearaugo talked to kyle sandliands and jackie o about her drug-taking past . she said it was after her stint on young divas that she began to spiral out of control , eating herself ` into a mess ' . at her heaviest , the now 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs .
proposals ltd tore down a derelict property in bath city centre . but residents complained that the development was three feet wider than the plans approved by the council . bath and north east somerset council says the developer has committed a ` breach of planning control ' and ordered the building to be bulldozed .
dr warren weinstein was killed alongside giovanni lo porto during an anti-terrorist strike on the afghanistan-pakistan border . his family yesterday slammed their response to his abduction . it has now been claimed they transferred an undisclosed amount of money to his kidnappers two years before his death .
researchers analysed 22 studies including five from britain . found the risks for cigar smokers of dying from oral , oesophageal or lung cancer was at least as bad as for cigarettes . also found that those who smoked cigarettes had a much higher risk of lung cancer and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
kyle toth , who runs his own custom woodworking business , built the seesaw from trees behind his workshop in temecula . it measures a whopping 45ft in length and sends its occupiers into the air at a height of around 25ft . kyle climbed the tree with a sledge hammer and pounded the trunk into the split branches to stop it from sliding .
david marshall must serve a minimum of 20 years for the murder of eni mevish . the 68-year-old stabbed her in the heart , lungs and liver six months after they met . he was ` jealous ' of her other friendships , stafford crown court heard . the pensioner had already served a jail sentence for assaulting the girl .
navinder sarao , 36 , lived in his parents ' modest home because it gave him a split-second advantage worth millions of pounds . his thousands of high-frequency trades could be processed faster than those from dealers in central london . he was arrested on tuesday at the request of us authorities , who have accused him of helping to trigger the wall street ` flash crash ' of 2010 .
bill parker , 34 , of gulfport was mowing his lawn while at his family home last sunday when he thought a rock hit him in the face not realizing it was a metal fence wire . dr timothy haffey , who removed the wire with a simple sinus surgery , said it miraculously dodged all of parker 's important nerves and arteries . parker and his fiancee katie heggins decided for him to go to memorial hospital for treatment .
alessandra ambrosio , 34 , found fame as a victoria 's secret angel . dafiti , latin america 's largest online fashion retailer , shot in são paulo . the mother-of-two stars in the advertising campaign wearing sexy and sporty street-style fashion .
kim and husband kanye made a high-profile tour of armenia and israel to baptise their daughter and retrace the kardashian roots . paris is top of her travel-list and she has been ditching sun loungers for salopettes and skis on stylish winter breaks .
brain scans on a group of professional comedians revealed differences in the way the brains of these ` super speakers ' work while talking . compared to the less silver tongued among us , the super speakers showed less activity in a key area of the brain involved articulating and comprehending speech . neuroscientists have identified the area that is the key to picking up on when someone is being sarcastic .
apple launches its first smartwatch today - but anyone turning up to buy one from a store will be disappointed . consumers willing to shell out between $ 549 to $ 17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june . analysts believe the company feared the lines might be embarrassingly short and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang .
richard hammond has ruled out returning to top gear , becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show as he vowed : ' i wo n't quit my mates ' . mr wilman , a childhood friend of clarkson , sensationally quit the corporation - fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster .
samantha crossland , 30 , was pocketing parents ' fees being paid to the child 's play day nursery she worked at in a trusted position . she had been told she faced a custodial sentence unless the money was paid back . parents made over a million on the lotto - handed back the cash .
atlantis , the palm resort in dubai , holds 65,000 marine animals , from the master bedrooms and bathrooms . each suite has elegant perks , including soap with 24-carat gold flakes , dom perignon champagne for non-muslim guests . guests book themselves into one of two visually stunning underwater hotel rooms at the five-star atlantis .
study by experts at consumer reports in the us has found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria . they tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp - 284 raw and 58 cooked samples - from large , chain supermarkets and natural food stores in 27 cities across the us .
kansas city royals match against the chicago white sox descended into a mass brawl yesterday . umpires ejected a total of five players from both teams after the fight in the seventh inning of thursday 's game at chicago 's u.s. cellular field , illinois .
skywest airlines flight 5622 was flying from chicago to connecticut . pilot plunged the aircraft into a terrifying dive to drop 30,000 feet in just eight minutes - before landing in buffalo , new york . but despite the calamitous events , an investigation has discovered nothing unusual about the mechanics of the plane .
imran uddin , 25 , bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet . through the software , he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in to log in to the computers . he then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself . he was jailed for four months at birmingham crown court .
conrad clitheroe , 54 and gary cooper , 45 , were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport . they were taken to a police station and , despite being told they would not be detained , were put into prison . earlier this week , the men could return home after charges of espionage would n't be brought against them .
brian bayers told wave how he was preparing to take his son back to day-care on february 13 when he went outside to warm up his truck and drive it closer to the house . bayers thought his son jackson was playing inside but when he got out of his truck he noticed that the back door was wide open . he made the horrifying realization that he backed over jackson with his truck .
twitter has rolled out a new feature aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day . highlights is limited to english-language readers with the twitter app installed on an android device . to enable the feature on your account , launch the official twitter app and bring up the three-dot icon in the top-right corner of your screen .
research by asda has found that rump , fillet and t-bone are the most popular cuts of meat when eating out but when we cook at home the majority of us -lrb- 55 per cent -rrb- rely on burgers or mince . only a mere 3 per cent of over 55s fell for the fake cuts .
aussie the dog saved his owners kai and sophie from being electrocuted in a puddle in the aftermath of the new south wales storms . the children 's mother natalie crane-hayes decided take kai , sophie and aussie for a walk in a nearby park . the park was full of large puddles and they did n't know it at the time . aussie was walking just ahead of the kids and when he stepped into the first puddle
ernest hemingway propelled the san fermin fiesta to worldwide fame after writing it about it in his 1926 novel the sun also rises . held since 1591 , the fiesta attracts tens of thousands of foreign visitors each year for nine days of revelry , morning bullfights and afternoon bullfights .
australian researchers have tested their drone running companion . called joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run . the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner . and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing .
thomas hoey jr. , 43 , was sentenced wednesday by u.s. district judge kevin castel in manhattan federal court . showed ` callousness and indifference ' during the party in january 2009 at midtown hotel the kitano and even more when the victim , kimberly calo , 41 , died from a lethal mix of cocaine and alcohol . castel said that distributing cocaine to friends was ` integral to the lifestyle of cocaine , sex and parties
morgan geyser , along with her friend anissa weier , 13 , are being tried as adults for attempted first-degree intentional homicide in the attack on payton leutner , who survived 19 stab wounds in may 2014 . the wisconsin judge denied a request friday to move a 12-year-old girl , accused of stabbing a classmate to please the horror character slender man , to a psychiatric treatment center . however the waukesha county circuit circuit judge said geyser
freddie gray , 25 , was arrested on april 12 in baltimore and died a week later from a severe spinal injury that may have been caused when he was shackled and driven to the police station in a paddy wagon . police brutality against prisoners being transported was addressed just six months ago in a plan to reduce this misconduct .
gary goldsmith , 49 , took six-year-old cheech and their other dog keela , four , for a stroll in the central london park at 8.30 am yesterday . mrs goldsmith said : ` the dogs were a few feet away from her when a cyclist , wearing headphones , just came out of nowhere ' .
robert bates , 73 , has been charged with second-degree manslaughter in the death of eric harris during a botched sting on april 2 . documents suggested the department also violated training policies when they employed bates . bates was said to have used his personal car while on duty and made unauthorized vehicle stops .
the n-222 road from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal has been awarded the prestigious honour . the highway has been named the best in the world for its location , cutting through the heart of the stunning douro valley . the road takes drivers along the river douro and the picturesque regional wine towns of the unesco world heritage site .
photographs show veronica bolina lying partially naked on the ground . the 25-year-old had previously been arrested over an alleged attack on her neighbour . warning graphic content . pictures appearing to show her ordeal were leaked online . police claim she bit an officer on the ear and that officers were forced to intervene .
aaron bee was wanted by lincolnshire police over an alleged domestic violence and assault . the 22-year-old goaded officers by sharing photographs online which showed him standing outside the force 's headquarters . he was eventually arrested in november in a cafe after posing outside five different police stations . the father of one had been wanted for breaking a non-molestation order against his former girlfriend after showing up at her house in the middle of the night .
tom george had to leave his dog shelby stuck in a pool by the great salt lake 's spiral jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town . as more people came , they began bringing items to try and help get shelby out , using grocery bags , car floor mats , a straw hat and even bare hands .
mohamad saeed kodaimati , 24 , faced two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters in us district court of the southern district of california . saeed was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 . he falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting .
nicholas salvador , 25 , is accused of killing palmira silva , 82 , with a machete . she was found dead in a garden in edmonton , north london , in september 2014 . mrs silva moved to london with her husband domenico six decades ago . several of the victim 's relatives were in the courtroom to witness the plea .
mary todd lowrance , 49 , a teacher at moises e molina high school , turned herself into dallas independent school district police on thursday morning . officers learned of the alleged relationship after lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a dallas isd officer . if the student had been a juvenile , the case would have been handled by the dallas police department .
the statue of liberty was evacuated friday afternoon in the wake of a bomb threat . some 2,700 tourists were rushed off liverty island by boat operators just after midday friday after a 911 caller said he was ` going to blow up ' the landmark . police sniffer dogs then seized on a locker on the island , which they thought contained something suspicious .
residents in the remote village in jharkhand state tie themselves upside down onto a wooden pole that hand hangs just feet above a raging fire . locals believe the unusual practice helps protect the village from drought and disease . criticism over the safety is misguided and there are no reports of those taking part ever being injured .
jean pockett , the widow of private arthur herbert pockil , is one of 10 war widows brought to gallipoli by the department of veteran 's affairs for anzac day . among them is jean , who experienced a little heart scare as she arrived in turkey on thursday . she did n't feel so well and had to see the doctor .
exeter has been dubbed ` too posh for monopoly ' after game makers were told there is nowhere low-rent enough to fill the space of old kent road . hundreds of versions springing up in far-flung cities across the globe . but no one has come forward with ideas for which streets should fill the more expensive slots .
nicole kidman , naomi watts , geoffrey rush and joel edgerton have made significant contributions to australia through film and television . recently uncovered documents from ancestry.com reveal their ancestors have also had a lasting impact on the country through their service and involvement in world war one .
sprinkles the 33-pound cat is so fat she ca n't even roll over and she 's equally as fat as a 700-pound human . luckily for sprinkles who is too fat to even groom herself , she is being cared for by pet rescue volunteer stacy jones olandt . sprinkles is a four-year-old spotted black and white cat who won the affection of the women working at s.o.s. not only is sprinkles overweight but when she
thousands of visitors from the uk , australia , new zealand , india and france have gathered to honour the fallen at one of the biggest commemorations of the great war . today this beautiful turkish isthmus , facing the aegean to the west , the dardanelles straits and the sea of marmara to the east . allied cemeteries at gallipoli are kept immaculately by the commonwealth war graves commission
irish tourist barry lyttle pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm to his younger brother patrick . patrick , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother in sydney 's inner-city . but on friday , patrick had his arm around his brother , who was crying . magistrate graeme curran handed down the sentence in the downing centre local court .
mary cartwright was 20 when she was called up to work in the laboratory at drakelow shadow factory in kidderminster , worcestershire , in 1943 . she spent two years testing metal for bristol aircraft engines in the site 's underground laboratory , working as the only woman in her department . now , the 91-year-old great-grandmother has revisited the now defunct factory .
abu hafs al-badri is claimed to be the cousin of abu bakr al-bagdadhi . isis 's growing strategy of using teenage suicide bombers indicates their continued focus on indoctrinating impressionable local teenagers . both boys appear to be older than 16-years-old .
ariana mason , 21 , claims she was choked by the man when he put her in a ` stranglehold ' at a las vegas hotel . after filing a civil rights lawsuit against officer shawn izzo and the metropolitan police department , she told reporters yesterday : ` what happened to me was wrong and i do n't want it to happen to anybody else ' .
kevin bowes lost several teeth and had nine ` avoidable ' dental procedures . the 53-year-old said he will need years of remedial treatment to fix the decay . his family had been patients of mr crees for more than 10 years when in 2013 . a friend suggested his wife visited a different dentist for a second opinion .
the incident occurred just after 11am on monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 martin luther king way south . the 50-year-old driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes as firefighters fought to dismantle the wreckage . it is not clear what caused him to drive in front of the train .
efan james was found lying face down and unresponsive the morning after hannah james , 26 , took him to bed . welsh government 's ` reducing the risk of cot death ' leaflet says parents should not share a bed with a young baby if they ` feel very tired ' .
khalid rashad , 61 , appeared at camberwell magistrates court today . charged with possession of an explosive substance for an unlawful purpose , and possession of ammunition for a firearm without a certificate . charges were brought yesterday by officers investigating the death of abdul hadi arwani , 48 , an outspoken critic of the assad regime in syria .
the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school . the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . one of the victims suffered critical head trauma , one parent from the audience told rtv .
the trussell trust asks for the ` donation ' from churches and community groups which open new foodbanks . volunteers are told , is needed to pay for the trust 's staff , branding materials , pr advice and relationships with supermarkets such as tesco . one million figure was the number of food parcels handed out .
bobby burnett forced samantha chudley to stop wearing make-up . he forced her to hand over the passwords of her e-mail and social media . the 30-year-old installed a tracker app on her smartphone . days after he punched her in the stomach when she was ten weeks pregnant .
sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee , was driving home from a concert in december with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover . she was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early , a little boy the family has named leighton isiah giles . moser was confident her daughter would wake up even when doctors said she had a two-per cent chance
the secluded settlements are often cut off from the surrounding areas , but are each set in their own natural paradises . the last time the class-c volcano erupted was in the 1780s , and it proved fatal for half of the people living on the island . monemvasia is a little settlement concealed behind a huge rock face in laconia in greece .
presenter scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in southampton , hampshire . viewer hardy lion tweeted : ' #bbcbreakfast ha spelt education wrong !!! back to school ! ' . presenter later described the gaffe as ` one of those things ' .
chilean volcano calbuco suddenly erupted on wednesday causing a thick plume of ash to cloud the sky . hundreds filmed the eruption near the southern port city of puerto montt , chile , and its deadly ash cloud caused all nearby flights to be grounded for safety . but one amateur cameraman was surprised to see what appeared to be white lights close to the enormous plume .
kay bennett , 33 , from swindon , says she has no choice other than to claim benefits worth # 14,000-a-year . the tattoos were done when she was 24 , and have turned her into a jobless recluse . she is now hoping someone will step forward and offer to have laser removal .
the washington couple 's three-year-old son had first began complaining of someone talking to him at night . when they heard a strange man 's voice come over the monitor to tell their son : ` wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you ' . they believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device .
billy gordon has opened up about the years of abuse she suffered . the queensland government was plunged into crisis after details of the cook mp 's criminal past emerged . the mother of his two children , kristy peckham , has been in hiding . she has finally spoken out in an interview with a current affair .
dr giorgi-guarnieri testified on friday during court hearings in washington , d.c. , that will ultimately determine whether and under which conditions john hinckley jr. will be allowed to live full time outside a mental hospital . one of his interests is music , and he sings and plays the guitar . he also participates in music therapy .
german language teacher has been suspended from auguste remoir college in limoges , west-central france . hundreds of german tanks rolled into the country in may 1940 as their blitzkrieg led to france becoming part of the third reich . yet , complaining parents who passed on the comment to other teachers .
the hirise camera is able to take images of the surface with a resolution of 10 inches -lrb- 25cm -rrb- per pixel , allowing it to spot the rover on the surface . the rover is parked over dark sand in a valley with light-toned outcrops of rock . the image was taken using the high-resolution imaging science experiment .
an urgent headcount has taken place at a thai temple that 's home to 147 tigers in the care of monks . wat pha luang ta bua in thailand 's western kanchanaburi province has long proved a hit among tourists who flock to visit the monks . however , thai wildlife officials began a headcount on friday after allegations from a temple vet earlier this week .
liu guijuan wrote in her post on weibo , china 's equivalent of twitter . she bought the rare headpiece more than a decade ago for 120,000 yuan -lrb- # 10,775 -rrb- . web users and conservationists criticised her indifference towards animal welfare .
edda goering cheated the hangman at nuremberg by committing suicide before he was due to be executed for war crimes . the infamous military leader plundered private collections and museums wherever the swastika flew . his daughter edda , 76 , has always refused to criticise him . she claims the posthumous expropriation of his assets two years after his death was illegal .
brooke shedd , 26 , and jane shalakhova , 25 , appeared on this morning . they say they do not ` share ' adam but are in a ` unique ' situation . brooke has a five-year-old son , oliver , from a previous relationship . they will raise the boys in los angeles with russian-born jane .
michael gridley , 26 , was jailed for a year after orchestrating a scam to steal # 15,852.46 worth of goods from the asda in basildon , essex . gridley and colleague jay reed were under suspicion at southend crown court . court heard how the conspiracy was uncovered following a period during which gridley was under suspicion .
linda and george hunter raised four children in their home in garrick street . but eight years ago the street became part of a regeneration scheme . council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition . estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for more than # 1 .
reverend creflo dollar , 53 , launched an appeal last month for 200,000 people to each donate ' $ 300 or more ' so that he could purchase a gulfstream g650 . the wealthy televangelist came under heavy criticism for the appeal but has insisted he needs the plane for preaching work .
the 17-year-old driver was travelling with four other passengers along anderson road in glenning valley on the central coast of nsw . the group of five were travelling in a white mitsubishi lancer before it collided into a wheelie bin and collided head-on into a wall . the driver and a passenger were taken to hospital in a serious condition while the other three were stable .
members of the oath keepers have called in gun-toting right-wing militiamen amid a bitter land use dispute with the u.s. government . tensions have remained high at the sugar pine mine near medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order . the owners insist they want to avoid a high profile stand-off while blm officials want to resolve the dispute peacefully .
william and kate have been seen out on shopping trips this week . the duke and duchess of cambridge have apparently been taking parenthood second time round in their stride . on monday , the mother to be spotted in her local homeware store , zara home , in kensington high street .
brett peter cowan was convicted for the murder of 13-year-old daniel morcombe in 2014 . cowan received a life sentence for murdering , indecently dealing and dumping the sunshine coast teenager 's body in 2003 . his lawyers will file an application to have chief justice tim carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal .
ibrahim ahmad , a senior at la center high in washington state , will miss his prom because of a suspension he received for this bomb-themed promposal . ahmad says he was trying to go all out with his prom proposal and questions whether the decision to suspend him was based on his ethnicity .
the large android shape covers a mountainous region near shahpur . it is not an official google feature and the image is believed to have been added using google 's map maker . google often places so-called easter eggs , or hidden features , within its maps and search engine such as the recent pac-man game .
ringside tickets for the upcoming fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquaio are fetching upwards of $ 130,000 online . due to the high pay-per-view price of the fight -lrb- $ 89.99 -rrb- , its anticipated thousands of fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app like periscope or meerkat . if that were to happen , broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on
the department of veteran affairs said the word ` anzac ' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 . the issue , released on monday , included a 10-page feature with a list of 100 things every aussie should know about gallipoli . social media users were quick to condemn the controversial issue , labelling it ` gross and offensive ' .
nearly four million syrians have fled the conflict into neighboring countries , which warn they are dangerously overstretched . angelina jolie briefed the council as special envoy for the u.n. on refugee issues . she spoke passionately about the plight of refugees in syria and sharply criticized the un security council for their lack of action .
snmie , 18 , had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion . when the piercing became inflamed , remmie was forced to remove the bar . the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar . remmie says the unsightly lump is ` vile ' and has knocked her confidence .
kurt cobain lived in the two-bedroom apartment on spaulding avenue in l.a. 's fairfax district during the height of nirvana-mania . the graffiti , however , has long since disappeared . its current owner , brandon kleinman , 31 , has listed it on airbnb .
holder addressed hundreds of lawyers and staff members one day after his successor , loretta lynch , was confirmed by the senate following a months-long delay . holder shook hands and received hugs from well-wishers on his last day as attorney general . the event also included a tribute video prepared for the occasion that featured members of congress , former president bill clinton and holder 's wife , sharon malone .
from alien coffins to fossilised lizards , conspiracy theorists believe they have found all manner of strange items in nasa 's images of mars . andre gignac says he made the ` stunning discovery ' in a photograph released by nasa and taken by the mars rover opportunity . he says he became suspicious about a ` dark spot ' on the rim of the endeavour crater he had found in the original image .
shabana bibi , 25 , from the muzaffargarh district of the country , died in hospital on saturday after suffering burns to 80 per cent of her body . police have arrested her husband muhammad siddique and father-in-law pir bakhsh . bibi 's father then beat bibi before dousing her with petrol on april 17 .
carol cole was 17 years old when she disappeared without a trace after running away from a juvenile detention center in texas in october 1980 . in january 1981 , police in bossier parish , louisiana found a teenage girl stabbed nine times in the back and chest stashed under a pile of leaves . carol 's family searched in vain for the troubled teen .
british warship hms bulwark and the german supply ship berlin are expected to be sent to the region in the biggest sign of the european union 's belated commitment to the cause . but other eu leaders were less optimistic , with malta 's prime minister saying the assets being proposed would ` never be enough ' to address the problem .
alyssa marie chang , 56 , was furious with the mother of little ronnie tran because she thought that the woman had been circulating doctored photos of their mutual lover in ` compromising sexual positions ' . on april 14 , she showed up at the home of her love rival outside seattle with a taser . when the woman refused , chang allegedly shocked the woman with the taser , according to police . chang allegedly kidnapped the woman and took them to a home in des mo
a three-year-old girl was airlifted to morriston hospital in swansea . the toddler suffered horrific facial injuries after the alaskan malamute crossed with a siberian huskey clamped its jaws around her head . she was playing in the garden on thursday afternoon when her family heard screams and ran to find their dog ` gripping ' the dog . the dog was taken to a nearby vet and the family gave permission for their pet to be destroyed .
julieane jablonski , 38 , was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness . the alleged victim in the case , 19-year-old austin essig , took to the fort collins police department 's facebook page to describe the strange ` trip ' he experienced after eating the brownie . detectives allege that the teen told the teen after he was hospitalized for the fall on april 14 ` he needed to recant his statement to the police
vivienne garton , 65 , was devastated her 10-year-old west highland terrier ben was snatched from her garden in knowle west , bristol , earlier this month . she began an appeal to find him and put up posters near her home . shortly after she received two phone calls from an anonymous man threatening to cut up her pet unless she paid # 500 .
tipper lewis , 43 , grew up on a farm and quickly became fascinated by the power of plants , chinese medicine and organic produce . she credits the likes of chia seeds , bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health . each comes with its own promise .
ciudad real airport was built in 2009 at a cost of more $ 1billion . but its parent company fell into financial difficulties three years later . there have been no takers and there is now no minimum asking price . new owners will need to pay off a few hundred million pounds of debt .
researchers studied the structure of dna from mammoths preserved in the arctic to reproduce exact copies of 14 of the extinct animal 's genes . these were then integrated by experts at harvard university in massachusetts into the elephant genome - and functioned as normal dna . scientists claim to have taken a major step towards recreating the woolly mammoth by inserting more than a dozen of the genes into the live dna of an elephant .
connor sullivan , of cupertino , california , attended his first period class at monta vista high school on monday morning . the 17-year-old was using the water fountains and porta potty on campus . he reportedly survived by eating from the fruit trees at his high school .
google paid its billionaire executive chairman eric schmidt nearly $ 109 million last year while the company 's stock slumped . most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $ 100 million . schmidt also pocketed a $ 1.25 million salary , a $ 6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $ 1 million .
sanjay chaddah , 43 , claimed dean paton kicked him and called him a ` p ** i ' . but the altercation had been caught on cctv and cleared mr paton of any wrongdoing . he was given a six-month suspended sentence for common assault and perjury . yesterday he claimed he was suffering from post-traumatic stress .
britain will go from being hotter than turkey and ibiza to colder than moscow , stockholm and finland in a matter of days . met office has forecast rain through the morning in the capital with the chance of thunderstorms and heavy downpours early on . comes after britain basked in what looked to be one of the warmest aprils on record .
australian weather presenter and model nicky buckley famously soldiered on with her presenting job on the sale of the century after falling pregnant in 1997 . fans jumped to support her when gordon read out excerpts from the letters and emails on tv , but it seems that abuse of pregnant tv presenters daring to get on with their jobs is nothing new . buckley copped heavy criticism for showing bump on tv but stood her ground .
lania roberts recently gave a speech at the university on learning to love one 's self unconditionally . three years ago on new year 's day , she was standing in front of her mirror , vowing to change herself - but also to love herself more . now , at only 18 , lania is sharing details of how she learned to accept herself for who she is .
the $ 45.2 billion deal would have merged comcast 's 30million customers with time warner cable 's 11million . comcast , already the biggest cable and internet provider in the country , has 30million subscribers . the proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid tv market .
the seven-row dairy milk spectacular will contain one row each of . dairy milk caramel , dairy milk fruit & nut , dairy turkish and dairy milk turkish . for the first time in 100 years , cadbury 's is set to release a super bar . but do n't get too excited as there are only 50 on offer .
graham finlay , 53 , and his wife june , 69 , were knocked unconscious . they were on board the thomson celebration luxury liner in glasgow . ex-naval serviceman ron phillips , 70 , was cleared of unlawful wounding . he said : ` it 's put me off boats forever ' .
bradley parkes , 16 , was discovered hanging in the woods with a suicide note . his mother tiffany , 35 , shared a picture of her son in hospital . she said he had been tormented for months by a gang of teenagers . bradley 's devastated family are at his bedside at birmingham children 's hospital .
vonda thedford , 55 , was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass lying on the ground . when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ` little toes ' and ` hair on its tail ' . the restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter .
clive schlee , chief executive of the coffee giant , revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy . the staff at pret ever take advantage of their enabled good will ? and what does it take to secure a free morning caffeine hit ?
the 19-year-old shot himself in the head while visiting a family member 's home in texas on thursday morning . his manager , dino may , told us weekly there were no signs of trouble prior to him taking his own life in the upstairs part of the house . the young actor , who appeared in 139 episodes of the popular us sitcom , was said by his manager to be anti-drugs , very quiet and very shy .
charles severance , 54 , has been charged with the murders of nancy dunning , ron kirby and ruthanne lodato , in alexandria , virginia , last year . prosecutor bryan porter argued severance should face just one trial as his writings linked the three murders . severance was arrested in march 2014 over the murders after he sought asylum at the russian embassy in d.c.
deshawn isabelle , 15 , has been arrested for allegedly robbing , beating and sexually assaulting a woman on a chicago train on monday . his mother recognized his face on surveillance images and turned him in to police . the woman was sitting in the otherwise empty carriage when the woman boarded the cta train in oak park , chicago . he then dragged the woman to the ground by pulling on her hair before continuing to punch her in the head and face as she crouched in the fetal
brianne altice , 35 , accepted the agreement in exchange for prosecutors dropping 11 other counts , including several first-degree felonies . she could face up to 45 years in prison when she is sentenced next month . altice pleaded guilty to three counts of forcible sexual abuse involving three male students .
scientists have finally been able to record one of these eruptions as it happens to discover the sound it makes . the majority of the world 's volcanoes are found deep underwater where immense water pressure does weird things to the lava that bubbles out of them . the research could allow scientists to monitor undersea volcanoes far more effectively than they have before .
the dogs ' dramatic decline in fortune is being blamed on the chinese government 's wide-reaching anti-corruption crackdown . previously , wealthy businessmen would give the prized mastiffs to officials in the hope of influencing their decisions . it is also thought recent bans on owning dogs of more than 50kg in several chinese cities - including beijing , zhengzhou , shanghai and tianjin .
engineers developed the human powered vehicle -lrb- hpv -rrb- and will attempt to beat the women 's arm-powered speed record in nevada in september . it will be piloted and powered by paracyclist liz mcternan and will need to travel in excess of 21.39 miles per hour -lrh 34.42 km/h -rr- over a 656ft stretch of tarmac . the current benchmark is held by
brian cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in bangor , maine on thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper in the parking lot . he immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and , realizing it was a sizable sum , they then contacted the police department . the man , who was later identified as ou chen , said at the time that he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after leaving work at
the remote beach hut on mudeford spit in christchurch , dorset , has gone on the market for # 230,000 - the same price as a family home in many parts of britain . owners will also have to shell out between # 2,500 and # 4,000 a year in ground rent to christchurch borough council for use of the hut . hut 39 commands spectacular views across the solent , but the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the
eve stratford , a 22-year-old glamour model who worked at london 's playboy club , was found with her throat slashed in her leyton home on the evening of 18 march 1975 . six months later , lynne weedon , 16 , was attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home in hounslow at 11pm on september 3 . detectives have offered a # 40,000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice .
kim pappas , 25 , was two hours into her working day at ceva logistics in wyandotte , michigan , on march 31 when she disappeared to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors . her attempt at secrecy , however , was foiled minutes later when two employees went to the restroom , which was covered in blood . she has been charged with premeditated murder .
the first pocket shark was found 36 years ago in the pacific ocean off the coast of peru and it 's been sitting in a russian museum since . this week scientists revealed the dinky creature is a pocket shark - a miniature variation of the more popular kinds . this type of shark has two pockets next to its front fins ; their purpose is not known .
five-year-old jiaojiao fell 150ft from a window in zheng du city , china . her mother , zheng jiayu , 31 , left her at home on her own , now can not afford the huge # 100,000 medical bill . she closed the windows and doors and left the flat for 10 minutes while she bought takeaway food .
taliban militants opened the offensive today with a failed rocket attack on a us base in bagram air base , close to the afghan capital city of kabul . the rocket landed harmlessly in base and despite the taliban claims that they had ` killed and wounded hundreds of americans ' . improvised explosive devices -lrb- ieds -rrb- were also reportedly detonated in kunar and khost province .
the one direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at london 's soho hotel on wednesday night . now , a series of newly-released snapchat shots have emerged , appearing to show the 23-year-old singer in his hotel room in the company of friends .
sergeant louise lucas , 41 , was off-duty and on a shopping trip with her daughter olivia in swansea , south wales . she was struck as they tried to cross the kingsway - a busy road in the city centre . onlookers say the pair were inches from the bus but sgt lucas managed to push her daughter to safety and took the full impact of the collision .
lucy mecklenburgh shot to fame as one of the postergirls of the only way is essex . the 23-year-old has called on her younger sister lydia to join her in the latest beauty campaign for the fake tan brand . lucy , who is the face of sunkissed , says her favourite feature is her ` small waist ' .
kim woodward is the first woman to be appointed head chef at the savoy grill . the 34-year-old follows in the footsteps of maître chefs who have headed the kitchen since its opening in the strand , london in 1889 . she will head a team of about 35 chefs , of whom some 40 per cent are women .
andrew hichens , 28 , will be working with one pc and two police community service officers in hayle in western cornwall . he does not have the power to make arrests and will mostly be patrolling his beat and spreading safety messages . devon and cornwall assistant chief constable paul netherton said there were plans to introduce the post to other areas .
students from zeta beta tau at both the university of florida and emory university in atlanta , georgia , have been accused of disrespecting the ex-servicemen during a charity weekend . the event is designed to give those who have sacrificed their lives for their country a relaxing break with their families at the luxurious lakedown wharf resort . instead of being acknowledged for their service , some of the attendees claim they were subjected to taunts and watched as the drunk
samsung has teased its next-generation wearable . simply referred to as ` the next gear ' . images of the watch 's circular face were unveiled as part of an announcement about samsung 's upcoming developer scheme . samsung said this is the first time samsung has released its wearable sdk to developers before the official product announcement .
the midlands city topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations with almost 15,000 between 2013 and 2014 . newcastle is the most pest-infested place in the country with 5 per cent of those living on tyneside reporting problems with rats , cockroaches , wasps and other creepy crawlies . in knowsley , merseyside , 3.4 per cent were forced to call in exterminators .
women 's health initiative in the us and the million women study in the uk have both revealed strong evidence that hrt increases a woman 's risk of breast cancer up to eight years after she has stopped treatment . women who take the combined oestrogen and progesterone hrt therapy continue to have a high risk of coronary heart disease and osteoporosis .
the remote community in aberdeenshire does not even have a shop . local streams have been well known for grains of gold of ` significant size ' . towie has been ignored by investors in favour of the oil industry . a two-year investigation has revealed the possible existence of gold deposits worth millions .
christien sechrist , a 20-year-old from houston , texas , had a black and white image of his son perseus etched onto the left side of his head in july . but a snapshot of the tattoo is quickly helping the young father to gain national attention after it was shared on imgur earlier this week .
the news comes after a tornado touched down in florida on thursday afternoon . the tornado took place at about 2:45 pm near belle glade in palm beach county , but did not cause any damage . the weather channel predicted severe thunderstorms would strike nashville , memphis , atlanta , tallahassee , jacksonville , new orleans .
robert o'neill , who claims the distinction of personally shooting dead osama bin laden , will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in jackson hole , wyoming . potential attendees were contacted by the right-leaning for america non-profit and told to write back by may 10 for a chance to open fire .
labour leader accused of stooping to a ` shameful ' new low by blaming david cameron for the mediterranean refugee crisis . allegation provoked a furious response from the tories who this morning demanded that mr miliband apologise for the ` outrageous and disgraceful ' remarks . comes after mr cameron held emergency talks with eu leaders in brussels over how to tackle the growing humanitarian crisis .
george kirby and doreen luckie from eastbourne , east sussex , will marry after first getting together 27 years ago in 1988 . they have had seven children , 15 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren . they finally decided to make the union official by giving into pressure from their elderly children .
barbara anne beam was being looked after by her elderly sister and nephew when she passed away in her bedroom on january 2 . the coroner 's office found she died from a blood clot in her lung and ruled that her death was homicide by neglect . prosecutors are now deciding whether to charge the family members .
elizabeth ` elle ' edmunds , 31 , was issued a court notice this week for the offence of two counts of obtaining benefits by deception . police alleged the mother from belmont , near newcastle , used a falsified doctor 's certificate stating she had terminal cancer to raise $ 2500 from her page . in february , a report was made to police regarding ms edmund 's activities , and detectives from the lake macquarie local area command soon after launched an investigation .
the 1954 bentley r-type continental fastback sold for almost four times its estimated value . it was originally commissioned by welsh racing driver r d weatherall . the bentley eventually sold a to an anonymous british car collector . but when it is ready , it could be worth more than # 1million .
christopher whitmore , 36 , pulled up behind to where his wife was parked with their son grayden in the backseat and killed his child . police said ball and whitmore had a history of domestic issues and were separated - but at this stage it is unclear what motivated the shooting in varnell .
xie shisheng , who was just 16 years old when was imprisoned by the mill owner , was found in a small dark room by police . now 34 , a very gaunt xie , who did not know what year it was when he was rescued because he was so isolated from the outside world , said he was hit with a hammer , never fed properly and beaten daily .
navinder singh sarao , 37 , appeared at westminster magistrates ' court on wednesday and was bailed with a surety of # 5 million . the former brunel university student allegedly made # 550,000 in five minutes on the day of the ` flash crash ' , the biggest one-day collapse in wall street history .
the fast-casual chain will work with the postmates app to begin offering delivery for online and mobile orders in 67 cities . but mexican food fans should know that the restaurant plans to add a nine per cent service charge . chipotle has gone from strength to strength in recent years and this month two presidential candidates have been spotted in their restaurants .
perali safari lodge offers game drives and walks to see the continent 's big five . the cheeky african elephant has subverted the resort 's efforts to keep him from emptying their pools . troublesome is a regular visitor to etali in the madikwe game reserve for the past four years .
former nazi guard oskar groening was once subject of josef mengele 's monstrous human experiments . groening , 93 , described in chilling detail how cattle cars full of jews were brought to the auschwitz death camp . mrs kor was criticised by other victims and their families for her public forgiveness .
kerrie armitage , from leeds , suffers from the ultra-rare condition aquagenic urticaria -- an allergy to water . she was diagnosed two years ago after her skin erupted in agonising blisters when she got caught in a rain storm . now the 28-year-old has had to stop kissing her husband of four years , because the saliva on his lips can trigger a painful flare-up .
bahar mustafa , 27 , student union welfare and diversity officer at goldsmiths university , london , was being accused of discrimination . handmade poster also refers to a ban on ` cis ' or cisgender men , a term used of those whose mental gender and physical sex match , which is the opposite of transgender .
danny alexander left a memo on his desk after labour 's election defeat . it said : ` the deficit halved . jobs up . that 's the liberal democrat record ' . mr byrne apologises for the late reply to his original note . he said it was because he had been ` fixing the economy ' .
benjamin mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist , cork circuit criminal court heard . the 35-year-old window cleaner was one of three brits arrested after naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of ireland in september . thomas britteon , 28 , also received eight years for the same charges while john powell , 70 , was sentenced for 10 .
jet set candy offers a collection of destination-specific charms aimed at helping people to choose where they should head on their travels . the charm has a double-sided wheel of fortune-style spinner , allowing wearers to predict their fate with one quick spin . prince harry is one of the eight ` future husbands ' listed on the charm 's playful spinner wheel .
australians have taken to social media to remember the sacrifice of the anzacs . record numbers gathered at dawn services across australia to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the gallipoli landing . tens of thousands also assembled at melbourne 's shrine of remembrance , despite cold and wet conditions .
sydney 's dan churchill , 25 , admitted to hollywood star blake lively that he crushes more on hubby ryan reynolds . churchill said : ' i was told it was time to do my teaser with blake and i was like , `` wow ! this does n't happen every day '' at that moment i realised i was representing a lot of fellas throughout the world ' .
lincolnshire resort joins picturesque places such as st ives and windermere in the top ten league of towns for holiday property . billy butlin located his first holiday park at skegness in 1936 and it still attracts 400,000 visitors a year . cornwall , with its 300 mile coastline , is the nation 's holiday home hotspot , with more than 10,000 holiday properties located there .
ed miliband has been touring the country with the prop in an attempt to make him appear more statesmanlike . he has delivered key speeches in the campaign stood behind the lectern . but it has also been deployed when he is just making some brief remarks or holding question and answer events with members of the public .
lisa heath , 45 , an assistant at willowtown community primary school , gwent , admitted carrying a class b drug on the premises . she initially denied the drugs were hers , saying they had been planted on her . but later changed her story , accepting a caution for possession . school immediately suspended the member of staff following the incident .
from biometric scanning to ipad-controlled hotel rooms , glimpses into the future of travel have already begun popping up in airports and resorts around the world . by 2030 ... in 15 years , digital advancements will have made the discovery , planning and booking of a journey into a seamless and intuitive experience .
paul nungesser is suing columbia university for allowing emma sulkowicz to parade the school and take campus-provided transport with her mattress in protest against him . the lawsuit was filed in manhattan federal court on thursday . defendants include the school , its board of trustees , president lee c. bollinger and professor jon kessler .
artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like . he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas , with neon lights and plenty of attractions . the iss currently houses six astronauts at a time , but a space settlement would have hundreds or thousands of people on board .
islamic state health service -lrb- ishs -rrb- launched their own ` health service ' . known as the ishs , the acronym appears to be an unimaginative copy of the uk 's free health system . an electrocardiogram and the outline of an x-ray also appear in the western style health service poster .
an app dubbed ` project elysium ' claims to do just that by creating a ` personalised afterlife experience ' with loved ones who have passed . almost everyone longs to be reunited with deceased friends and family . the app 's developers have yet to reveal exactly how the technology will work . created by australia-based paranormal games .
diet pepsi will no longer contain the sweetener aspartame due to customer fears over its safety . the controversial sweetener has been linked to a range of health problems , although research has shown it to be safe . pepsico said today it is dropping the ingredient from the popular drink in the u.s. in response to customer feedback .
former state district judge g. todd baugh has been chosen for a lifetime achievement award by his local bar association . baugh , 73 , sparked widespread outrage in 2013 over comments suggesting that 14-year-old cherice moralez shared some responsibility for her rape by a teacher . moralez killed herself before the case went to trial .
john elder and armin t. wegner both documented the unimaginable suffering they witnessed in images which helped build a case against a turkish government . as armenians mark 100 years since the atrocities , many western countries still do not use that word , and us president barack obama is unlikely to do so .
ashley x was caught on camera driving his honda sports car at 67mph . instead of coughing up a fixed penalty fine , he initially ignored essex police 's attempts to confirm who was driving the car . x tried to fight the speeding charge in six different courts . he finally admitted perjury and perverting the course of justice .
deputy kerry kempink shot a dog dead while responding to call . the video showed the deputy jumping a fence as he went to investigate a burglar alarm going off at the property . within seconds , he shot the closest dog , 18-month-old cowboy which is barking at him .
jenna marotta , 27 , of new york , says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became ` self-sabotaging ' at first . her binge-eating cycle continued through college and after graduation , when she moved back home to her parents ' house in illinois . she kept a stainless steel 10x magnifying mirror and an array of tweezerman tweezers , with her plucking out stray hairs along her eyebrows .
the discovery was made by researchers in the atlantic forest of serra do japi . called hylodes japi , it was found to mate underground in secret chambers . males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes . the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators .
daniela d'addario , 35 , was found dead in her car in bermagui , nsw . she had been in a ` very tumultuous relationship ' with josaia ` joey ' vosikata , 27 , for about four months friends say . she found out a month ago that he had a secret wife and children back home in fiji after he moved into her apartment in canberra .
new york and connecticut authorities are in search of a woman accused of stealing the identity of kate sullivan . the 50-year-old had worked as a marketing executive for fashion designers kimora lee simmons and diane von furstenberg . she died five days later at memorial sloan kettering cancer center in new haven , connecticut .
anthony martinez was touched when his straight guy pal jacob lescenski came up with an extra special promposal idea . martinez instantly responded to the question with a big ` yes ' and excited hug . the openly-gay high school junior has since garnered thousands of ` likes ' and retweets online .
the 1986 janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery . home office has refused to comment on the dossier , which could potentially conceal the name of a second person , it is alleged . last year nspcc boss peter wanless led a review of home office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be ` impossible ' to unearth this .
jenrry mejia has been suspended for 80 games without pay after testing positive for the banned substance stanozololol . the 25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least july and would be ineligible for the playoffs if the team make the post-season .
randy and jodi speidel created online fundraisers on givefroward.com and gofundme.com in late february begging good samaritans for financial help . mrs speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and were close to having their electricity and internet service shut off . the couple were found dead from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning this week .
the uncomfortable footage sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male , who looks her up and down , gets on to the same train carriage . every time the man steps up his creepy efforts , the narrator - broadchurch actress olivia coleman - asks : ` would you report it ? ' .
ariana miyamoto , 20 , was born and raised in japan , but has faced horrific racial abuse growing up . she speaks fluent japanese , and was last month chosen to represent her country in the miss universe pageant . many in the country have expressed hostility to ariana 's title win as they expected the award to go to a ` pure ' woman .
bianca gascoigne , 28 , was targeted by the gang of eight on tuesday afternoon . she talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone , central london . the attackers are thought to have grabbed her phone and attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought them off .
karen buckley , 24 , died of head and neck injuries , her death certificate reveals . her parents marion , 62 , and john , 61 , have spoken of their heartbreak . miss buckley vanished after a night out in glasgow 's west end earlier this month . her remains were uncovered at high craigton farm , east dunbartonshire .
lewis hamilton controlled the contest in shanghai to seal his second victory in three races and extend his lead at the summit of the formula one world championship . but a leading group which campaigns against sexism has condemned the behavior of the driver . others have called the driving ace an 'em barrassment to the uk ' .
ukip leader said pain meant he was not ` firing on all cylinders ' . revealed he was suffering after a flare-up of an old spinal injury . said he had been prescribed temazepam , a strong sleeping pill and muscle relaxant . claims campaigning has not left him with enough time to attend nhs appointments .
nicola sturgeon said david cameron had been ` not unhelpful ' to the snp . she also suggested that david miliband 's party had to overcome is being heard . polls suggest snp is on the brink of a landslide on a scale unprecedented in modern british politics .
james webster targeted female shoppers at the lidl store in berkshire . the 35-year-old was caught after attracting the attention of a fellow shopper . he admitted outraging public decency at a previous hearing . but webster walked free from court after magistrates ordered him to complete a sexual offences treatment programme .
police captured coyote who led them on a chase through downtown new york city on saturday . officers trailed it on foot and in patrol cars as it ran across roads and dipped between cars . for two hours it evaded capture , with one witness describing hows cops were chasing it ` like a suspect ' .
peter gale was dismissed by nonsuch high school for ` unprofessional and inappropriate conduct ' two weeks ago . at the time of the announcement , the school 's governors failed to release any more details . mr gale became the academy 's first male head when he was appointed to the post 18 months ago .
lord fellowes , 65 , has revealed he is to turn trollope 's 1858 novel . he plans another heady tv mix of romance , class struggle and social snobbery . this time based on the work of anthony trollope , one of britain 's greatest novelists .
dale cregan was jailed for life after shooting police officers fiona bone and nicola hughes in 2012 . the 31-year-old was said to have started refusing food at the category a jail after being moved to solitary confinement . in 2013 a mental health tribunal ruled brady should stay at ashworth , despite the notorious killer arguing he was not suffering from paranoid schizophrenia .
the haunted mirror is said to contain the trapped souls of the wife and children of a louisiana slave master . bruno amadio 's portrait of a weeping child was thought to have been cursed . the curse was later lifted by a ` conjure woman ' , and the chest now resides in the kentucky history museum .
robert downey jr was asked what he thought of alejandro gonzalez inarritu 's claim that superhero movies were ` cultural genocide ' . it comes three days after the 50-year-old walked out of an interview with britain 's channel 4 after interviewer krishnan guru-murthy talked about his history of drug abuse and his time in prison .
the hydraulic crane also recovered 22 phones , three sim cards and six chargers from the 60ft roof of hmp altcourse in liverpool . officers at the jail , privately run by controversial firm g4s , disclosed the haul in an internal document . altcourse , the first prison in the uk to be designed and constructed for a private operator , has been criticised for drug-related violence .
mary pat christie , 51 , has quit her $ 475,000-a-year position at finance firm angelo gordon & co . the official reason for the resignation was ` to spend more time with her family and young children ' . many will see the move as a sign that new jersey governor christie is coming closer to seeking the republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election .
alison saunders , 54 , sparked outrage last week when she decided the 86-year-old should not face a string of charges of paedophilia against nine children . newly-released documents revealed damning evidence that abuse was covered up by police and social workers for more than 20 years . now it has emerged mrs saunders ' law career got off to a flying start when she secured her pupillage -- a barrister 's training contract at 1 garden court chambers in london in 1983
the apollo hotel , built at the dawn of the tourism boom in the resort of playa del ingles , has been revamped as the swish , sumptuous , adults-only bohemia suites & spa . rooms , looking over the rippling dunes of maspalomas , include stylish touches such as an illuminated armchair by designer philippe starck .
george and amal clooney have returned to italy to celebrate her birthday . the actor and his human rights lawyer wife are understood to have invited friends to their mansion on lake como . the party is a belated celebration of mrs clooney 's 37th birthday in february .
michael foster was appearing at a public ` hustings ' in the camborne and redruth constituency when he objected to mention of his luxurious home by loveday jenkin . mr foster said not many people in cornwall would be hit by the mansion tax . however , a rival candidate pointed out that foster lived in a # 1.5 million house near falmouth .
marco evaristti , the south american artist who is based in copenhagen , poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir . when they boiled , vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result . he has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as ` vandalism ' .
tony mccoy finished third in his 17,630 th race at sandown park . the irish jockey has been champion jump jockey for 20 years . he has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times breaking almost every bone in his body at least once .
a man identified as walter witt on youtube was casually filming a serene forest with gentle waterfalls a short distance away from the foot of the 6,500-foot-high calbuco volcano . since being posted online the video has over 72,000 views . an estimated 1,500 people were forced to flee the nearby town of ensenada after the eruption , while several smaller townships were also cleared .
shoccara marcus received a call from her sister in 2011 that her father had been diagnosed with cancer . she packed up her things and within two weeks returned to her family 's atlanta , georgia home . in a project about the complexity of family dynamics , marcus said she expresses her feelings of isolation as she tries to cope with her family .
david cameron and george osborne privately describe nick clegg as a ` closet conservative ' . cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the conservatives again . similarly , some labour mps fantasise that if only boyish ed miliband could have persuaded uncle vince to defect .
kevin coulton , 16 , put his lips in the rim of a glass because ` everyone was doing it ' . but the schoolboy was left with dark bruising around his lips and chin . he is warning classmates not to take part in the craze sparked by beauty-conscious youths desperate for a fuller pout .
one direction star niall horan has died from skin cancer aged just 33 . bloomfield worked at bbc radio derby for 10 years as a presenter , reporter and derby county commentator . he died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury yesterday morning . fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the ` perfect colleague ' .
former blair ally charles dunstone is now supporting the conservative party . the jobs figures alone are astounding : 2 million more people are in work . tony blair understood that in order to spend money , you first need to earn money . the one helped pay for the other ; healthy tax receipts from business meant more money for schools , hospitals and helping the poorest in our country .
the panel will look at whether ` adjustments ' made when instruments are replaced or recalibrated , or heat-producing buildings are erected close to weather station sites . sceptics have argued that the effect of the adjustments is usually to revise temperatures from decades ago downwards . in some areas , such as the arctic , these may be hundreds of miles away .
bobby brown has filed for guardianship over daughter bobbi kristina 's estate . comes just days after the 22-year-old 's loved ones were split over whether she had awoken from her coma as her father claimed . bobby was spotted earlier this week spending time at the dekalb medical center in decatur , georgia , where his daughter is being cared for .
britt mchenry was behind the mic covering the nhl stanley cup playoff game between the new york islanders and washington capitals . the 29-year-old was suspended for a week footage showing her unleash a vicious verbal attack on a mother-of-three at a towing firm . ahead of her return to work , she tweeted : ` back to work . excited to be covering caps-isles today . now that the suspension is over , i want to say again
new tests pinpoint genetic ` markers ' in the tumour and determine its aggressiveness . after surgery , the cancer cells are sent to a lab where they are screened . for some women , the test can accurately tell if the risk is as low as five per cent , which is as good as if not better than the odds for those who have chemotherapy .
the european eagle owl has been terrorising the dutch town of noordeinde for months . locals have been advised to arm themselves with umbrellas against the bird , as hoards of twitchers have flocked to the netherlands hoping to catch a sighting of the bird .
comedian dom joly proved he still had work to do on his diving despite training from tom daley . the 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg . as the fleet headed out of harbour , the guests all jumped off the vessels .
sepsis , previously known as septicaemia , affects more than 100,000 britons a year and kills 37,000 -- more than breast , bowel and prostate cancer combined . now a snapshot nhs study reveals 90 per cent of patients failed to get the correct treatment , involving a simple set of lifesaving measures .
the constellation group sensationally snapped up a majority stake in the company that owns claridge 's , the connaught and the berkeley hotel . they now boast a property portfolio worth an estimated # 740 million , and have spent # 11.6 billion collecting trophy assets in the uk . the gulf state may have been accused of helping to fund islamic extremists and bribing officials to host the 2022 world cup .
dana perino was accompanying the former president as he visited wounded soldiers and their families at the walter reed hospital in washington , d.c. perino said these regular visits were usually filled with joy . she wrote in her new book and the good news is : lessons and advice from the bright side . perino served in the bush administration for seven years .
the game , which dates back to australia 's goldfields , made a resurgence as a way to pass time in the trenches . on saturday , as aussies commemorated the centenary of the landing at gallipoli , thousands of men and women took their chances with the coin game . while the game is considered a form of gambling and is illegal at all other times , two-up is allowed on anzac day across returned servicemen league clubs .
a number of pages , written in arabic , have reportedly been found on the social media site targeting refugees fleeing war and poverty . they are said to be advertising ` reliable ' and ` comfortable ' travel to europe on overcrowded vessels for around $ 1,000 per person . the discovery comes after the deaths of some 1,700 refugees in the last week alone .
comedian jenny eclair travelled with her other half on a painting in venus break with flavours . there comes a time in a woman 's life when beach holidays just do n't cut it any longer , when lying on golden sands -lrb- unless you 're buried up to your neck -rrb- .
paul mason managed to shed 46st after gastric bypass surgery in 2010 . nhs have refused to give him an operation to remove his 7st of excess skin . the 54-year-old wanted the surgery done for free but his bid failed . mr mason has been left with a constant reminder of the size he once was .
elizabeth elena laguna salgado is from chiapas , mexico , and moved to provo about a month ago to study english . there is no evidence she was kidnapped , but she has n't made contact with anybody since she disappeared april 16 . a volunteer search is scheduled for saturday morning in provo .
the duchess of cambridge may be in line for a more practical present for her baby -- a supply of biodegradable nappies from her sister , pippa middleton . but they are all the rage in europe and pipps , 31 , may have learned of their merits during one of her frequent trips to switzerland .
the eight-week-old labradors were found near a tennessee goodwill donation site on april 18 without any food or water inside of the box . the puppies have worms and are malnourished , and it is likely they have lived their entire lives in a cage , according to mckamey animal center .
university of sydney 's professor of gynecology hans peter dietz told daily mail australia the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment . the world-renowned gynaecologist says a drive to reduce the rates of c-sections is forcing obstetricians to ` act against their own better professional judgment ' .
john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot dead by the british army in a field in 1974 . dennis hutchings , who has been charged with attempted murder , appeared at omagh magistrates court today and was released on bail . the bespectacled man appeared in court wearing navy jeans , trainers , a grey and white-flecked woollen jumper with a navy body-warmer-type jacket .
zeta beta tau fraternity was suspended friday and charged with obscene behavior , public intoxication , theft , causing physical or other harm . the deplorable behavior against the ex-servicemen occurred at the warrior beach retreat on april 17 . nicholas connole , who served 18 months in afghanistan and nine months in iraq , said he felt like he had to ` defend himself ' against the students .
sir richard branson converted the old chapel in shipton-on-cherwell , oxfordshire , into a home in the 1970s . from then until the present day , the virgin logo has gone on to adorn trains , planes and a multitude of other businesses . other artists using the manor included sandy denny , the bonzo dog doo-dah band and john cale .
navinder sarao , 36 , made the bold claim in october last year . us prosecutors allege he helped trigger the ` flash crash ' of wall street . saraan was arrested last week , helped to trigger the crash from his parents ' house in hounslow , west london .
gary lincoln , 48 , was working in a house in cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist . he was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month . neighbours called for an ambulance to take him to the welsh centre for burns and plastic surgery at swansea 's morriston hospital .
william kerr absconded from a bail hostel in hull after three weeks on the run . the 53-year-old strangled maureen comfort and put her body in a cupboard . his arrest came after a # 5,000 reward offered for information about his whereabouts on bbc 's crimewatch .
families and friends hold grave fears for more than a dozen australians who are reported missing after the catastrophic earthquake in nepal . the family of 20-year-old perth volunteer ballantyne forder led a tireless campaign . ms forder was able to make contact with her family on sunday night -lrb- aest -rrb- , to her loved ones ' immense relief . the actor has made a heartbreaking plea on social media to ask for prayers for his younger brother
labour leader claim to work with politicians to build ` leadership skills ' . services offered by extendedmind include coaching on how to look ` authentic ' . firm details how it can help politicians on its website . it says : ` our answer to that question would be `` yes '' , if you do n't throw yourself into the learning process and practice ! ' .
nicola sturgeon has denied her sister 's claims she used to shave the heads off her barbie dolls . the snp leader has racked up support across scotland since the september referendum . but weeks after having to deny allegations of back-room plotting against ed miliband , the 44-year-old has been accused of savage violence .
macau has 26 casinos , including the largest in the world , the venetian . located at the mouth of the pearl river delta at the southern tip of china . it was run by portugal until 1999 when it became a special administrative region . it comprises a peninsula and two islands connected by three dramatic bridges .
recently released dashcam footage from a florida cop car taken in september of 2013 shows dontrell stephens being followed . the only item stephens had on his person when he was shot was a cellphone . stephens has a record for possessing cocaine . the shooting was ruled to be justified and lin returned to work four days later .
pauline mckee , 90 , thought she hit it big in 2011 when , after putting a penny in the ` miss kitty ' game at the isle hotel casino in waterloo , iowa . but on friday the iowa supreme court ruled that the casino did not have to pay mckee because the game 's rules stated that the maximum award was $ 10,000 . mckee will not receive the $ 41million jackpot she thought she won from the slots at the is
the seven year switch is an eight episode series in which couples live , eat , and even sleep with a new significant other . the show is set to premiere this summer . deadline reports that the series is named after the 1955 broadway show the seven year itch that was later developed into the film starring marilyn monroe and tom ewell .
channel 4 's olivia grant headed to phuket in thailand before the start of filming series two . the indian summers star did a week-long meditation and yoga course . pim immediately apologised for the increased security around the resort -lrb- a thai princess and liam from one direction were there .
vassilis was born in a boat , his mother was trying to make it from her home on the island of ammouliani , only a mile across the aegean . but there was only one life he was fated to live . today , tall and bronzed , like a warrior from the legions of alexander the great .
officers spotted the delorean as it travelled between stoke-on-trent and crewe . officers joked that the car had a ` leaky flux capacitor ' from the movie . the car 's interior even had a multi-coloured hat similar to the one used by marty mcfly in the hit movie .
jay liptrot , 43 , was among the first firefighters on the scene of the 200c inferno at a block of flats in prestatyn , north wales . his tenant lee-anna shiers , 20 , her partner liam timbrell , 23 , their baby charlie , 15 months , miss shiers 's nephew bailey , four , and niece skye , two , perished in the first-floor flat . melanie smith , a neighbour of the victims
east lancashire railway 's award-winning 1940s weekend is a highlight in many a vintage enthusiast 's calendar . this year 's event is expected to be the best yet with more activities than ever . the event is spread across two weeks from may 2 to 17 and there are over 200 walks to choose from .
adam barker served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012 . company made # 501,319 profit in the year to last june , which will be split with his sister charlotte , 53 , and brother laurence , 46 . previous year the company made around # 300,000 and barker would have similarly received a one-third share .
the man , who can not be named , was given a life sentence after jurors heard how he ` took his daughter 's life ' through sexual abuse . his depravity was exposed when he impregnated her when she was just a teenager , having ` poisoned ' the girl against her mother . despite promising to stop the abuse , the man carried on abusing her until she became pregnant .
jeffie flynn , 53 , lay stricken in the basement of a fulham cafe . bricks fell down on top of her - but she was not seriously injured . ms flynn was in a state of sheer panic as she heard passers-by screaming ` get her out because it 's all going to collapse ' .
eva chapin , 34 , from west linn , oregon , was booked into jail after she left a string of offensive post-it notes on the door of the family home . the qualified nurse referred to the residents , who are believed to have roots in ghana , as ` n ***** ' but wrote : ' i am not racist ' .
luis andres cuyun , 30 , was riding in a car when two suspected mara salvatrucha members opened fired on him and his driver , who was injured in the attack . the director and his companion , social welfare official abimael rodas palacios , were riding in their pickup truck when suspected gang members opened fire . salvadoran juan carlos medina luna , 29 , and guatemalan mario alfonso aguilar , 18 ,
artist charanjeet kondal has predicted the heir will have wispy blonde hair , dark brown eyes and a small nose when aged between two and four years old . the duchess is expected to go into labour any day now , but has someone predicted how the baby will look .
the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ` secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites . police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle . the window frame of the agent 's car was pulled from the door , which police believe could indicate the large case was ripped through the shattered window .
brynn johnson and cassie miller have known each other for some time , but seven months ago they were brought together by a terrible tragedy . rowyn was only 17-months-old when she was killed instantly in the driveway of her home in tenino , washington , in september last year . brynn forgave cassie for what happened , acknowledging what happened as a horrific accident .
the bill would prevent adolescents from smoking , buying or possessing both traditional and electronic cigarettes . governor david ige has n't yet decided whether he will sign the bill and said he will not review it until it is vetted by his staff for any legal issues . the bill was recently passed by the state legislature .
protesters have demolished the front window of upmarket estate agents foxtons during a protest against the gentrification of south london . the store front of its brixton branch was covered in shattered glass while ` no evictions ' and ` yuppies ' was spray painted in black . a police spokesman confirmed that one man has been arrested on suspicion of criminal damage .
andreas christopheros , 29 , was left fighting for his life when corrosive liquid was thrown in his face outside his home in truro , cornwall . her husband david phillips , 48 , had already been charged with grievous bodily harm with intent . he was remanded in custody before his trial on june 8 .
mohammad ali akhtar was attacked by a knife-wielding robber at premier stores in flixton , greater manchester . the man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till . cctv footage shows the hooded thief vault the counter around 8.45 pm on tuesday before wrestling with the brave cashier .
dr adrian quarterman is working on a laser which will convert sun beams into energy . it then creates , using semi-conductors , can be shot back down to earth . if it works , it could mean solar power could even become viable in scotland , or be able to restore power instantly to disaster hit areas .
a video shared on social media showed an air force veteran and former playboy model , michelle manhart , taking an american flag from demonstrators who had walked on it to protest racism . at the protest , manhart was detained by police when she refused to return the flag . police said they traced the gun to a protester who was part of the flag-walking demonstration .
scientists are working towards digitally recreating the cognitive abilities of the apis mellifera or european honeybee . their final aim is to build a robot that thinks , senses and acts just like the tiny insects . one day it is hoped the remote controlled machines could be used to pollinate crops or even assist on search and rescue missions .
aaron kaufman , 39 , is accused of blowing more than $ 100,000 on his company credit card . his former employer blue shield , a health insurance firm , spells out several cases of alleged overspending . blue shield also mentioned reid in their complaint , saying that at one event she ` behaved inappropriately ' .
maria cristina barrionuevo said they were ` provoking people ' when they drove it through argentina last year . in a report released earlier this week she slammed their actions as ` arrogant and disrespectful ' . clarkson and his colleagues fled the south american country last year when their convoy came under attack .
simon wood , 38 , battled it out against emma spitzer and tony rodd . they were challenged to cook judges john torode and gregg wallace . final followed seven weeks of tough challenges , including the ` chef 's table ' . mr wood , a data manager from oldham in greater manchester , served a starter of octopus with chorizo and cannellini beans .
mr cameron will say the tories are the party of opportunity for people from all backgrounds who want to get on . he will also set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment designed to persuade voters the party is on their side . claim will be seen as a tacit endorsement of the leadership ambitions of culture secretary sajid javid .
the mistley thorn has been around for ten years and revels in an understated luxury . we are paying # 100 for two people , dinner , bed and breakfast . do the sums . dinner alone would usually be about # 60 ; breakfast at least a tenner each . so that means the room costs a mere # 20 .
sabeen mahmud 's sandals remain in the footwell of her car , where she was gunned down on friday night . investigators declined to speculate on a motive for the killing . friends and colleagues immediately described her death as a targeted assassination in pakistan - a country with a nascent democracy .
manchester university in indiana was on lockdown late friday night after a ` likely prank call ' about an armed person near the main administration building . police said they received a phone call from someone saying that they had stabbed their roommate at the university , was armed with a shotgun . the person was possibly armed with explosives , according to the university .
the global coffeehouse chain said in an update on its site that stores are expected to open for ` business as usual ' . the company said earlier the outage affected 7,000 stores in the us and 1,000 in canada . it did not explain exactly what caused the outage , which began on the east coast and in the late afternoon on the west coast .
nigel farage was seen at a ukip event in broadstairs , south thanet . national front members turned up to campaign for him in the constituency . they were led by gary field , a former regional organiser for the english defence league . mr field has a criminal record for assault , drank beers behind the cordon .
the video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself ` abu yusuf ' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the isis stronghold raqqa to help launch the islamic state health service . the vision , which is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos , shows a cropped image of a doctor wearing an western-style blue surgical scrubs .
the former playgirl cover hunk has evolved from being the picture of american manliness into a favorite feminine topic of tabloid speculation . bruce , now 65 , has notoriously undergone countless cosmetic procedures , from multiple nose jobs to the shaving down of his adam 's apple . the star has finally spoken out about speculation that he is transitioning .
nicola sturgeon is ` tickled ' by the image , so much so it is believed to grace the wall of her glasgow home after she was given it as a birthday gift by her husband . he is the man credited with transforming the nationalist leader from surly apparatchik to national stateswoman .
lindsay sandiford believes she will be executed by the end of the year . the 58-year-old broke down in tears when she learned her close friend is to be shot on indonesia 's ` execution island ' . chan has written at least three times to her since being transferred in march .
a suicide bomber first attacked the convoy before militants opened fire . the brigadier general hassan abbas toufan , the commander of the iraqi first division , a member of the division and an intelligence officer said . a colonel and two lieutenant colonels also died in the attack in the nadhem al-taqseem region , north of fallujah yesterday .
the elders react series on thefinebros youtube channel , the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to snapchat with hilarious - and mixed -- results . while many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app , which allows users to share photos that will disappear within 10 seconds .
a vast sea of pilgrims from both nations have gathered at the anzac commemorative site to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of gallipoli . australian prime minister tony abbott said the troops who fought in the first world war became more than just soldiers . as dawn broke , families of soldiers , leaders and visitors gathered near former battlefields , honoring thousands of australians and new zealanders .
geoff whitington , 63 , from ashford , kent , was made so sick by obesity-related type 2 diabetes he had been told he may need a leg amputated . his sons , anthony and ian , who are gently -- some might say valiantly -- trying to broaden his palate . geoff resisted with a passion , and his health would mean changing the habits of a lifetime of poor food choices and no exercise .
millions of point of sales systems are vulnerable to security breaches as they are protected by the same default password - used by a global maker of payment devices for more than two decades . researchers david byrne and charles henderson disclosed on wednesday during the annual rsa security conference in california . this potentailly puts the devices at risk of being a target of a security breach .
nbc 's committee investigating the alleged misrepresentation of reporting experiences made by brian williams . a february clip from comedy central 's the daily show with jon stewart sees the anchor launch into a story about how he ` made eye contact ' with a government soldier on a horse who was beating protesters . however , there is no footage of the former network star actually on the square during what he called the moment demonstrations ` turned sour ' and descended into violence .
former prime minister said snp leader nicola sturgeon 's answers are ` all evasion ' . but that her party want ` chaos and constitutional crisis ' at westminster . he warned that those casting their vote on may 7 will be deciding future of scotland for the next few years .
isidro garcia , 41 , will stand trial on charges of kidnapping and raping a 15-year-old girl that he went on to marry and live with for a decade . authorities said the daughter of garcia 's live-in girlfriend told them he began fondling her shortly after she was brought from mexico in 2004 to live with her mother . garcia later married and fathered a daughter with the girl , who is now 25 , and lived with her until last year .
police confirmed that hannah wilson 's body was found on friday in the rural area of needmore , indiana , where she attended school . daniel messel , 49 , of bloomington , was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder . wilson was last seen at about 1am friday , according to the crimson quarry .
sergio gomez has been excavating a pre-aztec pyramid in teotihuacan , mexico , for six years . because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends , deeper into the complex gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king . gomez announced on friday that he found ` large quantities ' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel .
queen elizabeth ii topped the sunday times rich list with a fortune of # 13.2 bn . brothers sri and gopi hinduja were pushed into second placed as wealth was valued at # 13bn . wealthiest 1,000 people based in britain are collectively worth # 547billion .
amanda goff appeared on a tv show in la about sex and relationships . the 40-year-old was labelled ` a whore and a s *** and an anti-feminist ' . she said the most troubling part of her ` coming out ' experience was the response she received from other mothers who expected her children to ` endure a life of misery ' .
scientists have used a gecko as inspiration to create super-strong robots . the nine-gram robots can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall . another robot created by the scientists weighs just 12 grams . they are so successful they could be used in emergencies , in factories or on construction sites in the future .
alondra luna nunez was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge ruled in favor of a houston woman who believed she was her daughter . she was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday after dna testing in the united states showed she was not the long-missing daughter of houston resident dorotea garcia .
the gulf state 's constellation hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company coroin - which owns five-star offerings claridge 's , the berkeley and the connaught . it is not known how much the deal is worth , but some have reported it could be as much as # 1.6 billion .
susie clark , of evening shade , found the 3.69-carat white diamond in a 37.5-acre search field on thursday . she named the pinto-bean-sized , teardrop-shaped gem a ` hallelujah diamond ' because she spotted the gem shortly after praying that she would find something . clark plans to keep the diamond , which is the largest diamond of the 122 found in the park this year .
gable tostee , 29 , was on bail for the alleged murder of new zealand woman warriena tagpuno wright . tweed heads magistrate sentenced him to 10 months behind bars for the driving offence that occurred in july . the accused murderer continued to drive on the car 's rims until the chase came to an end , after he had crossed the queensland border .
lisa mcmurray died at the royal victoria hospital , belfast , in 2009 . it was thought she contracted rabies while working in south africa . the pha refused to reveal any details about the patient . the results of the ` complex ' series of tests are not expected to be known until early next week .
sbs football reporter and presenter scott mcintyre incited a hashtag that called for him to be sacked , and even caught the disapproving attention of minister for communications malcolm turnbull . the tweets were met with disgust by twitter users who began the hashtag #sackscottmcintyre .
chris blowes was surfing about 350 metres offshore near right point on the south-western side of fishery bay in port lincoln national park . the 26-year-old is currently fighting for his life in hospital . witnesses recall seeing what they believed was a six-metre great white shark swimming away with the surfer 's leg and a surfboard in its jaw .
latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , saskatchewan , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , were discovered wednesday . steve o'shaughnessy , 23 , was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in prince albert . police found the infant unharmed when they discovered the body .
melissa klein and her husband refused to make the couple , who held a commitment ceremony in june 2013 , a cake after learning that they were lesbians in january of that year . the kleins were able to raise more than $ 100,000 from anonymous donors on a fundraising page before it was shut down for violating gofundme 's terms of service .
a woman had to be rescued from her car which had become submerged in flood waters at zetland in sydney 's inner-east . she was helped out of the vehicle by the officer and his co-worker at about 6.30 pm and did not suffer any injuries . the second round of wild weather in new south wales came after just two days of clear skies and transformed parts of the city 's east and west .
ron ingraham , 67 , spent almost two weeks adrift and surviving on raw fish after getting caught in an enormous storm on thanksgiving . he eventually managed to radio for help and was rescued - but as of friday ingraham is missing again . his ship ran aground on rocks around a mile west of hawaii 's lanai island .
xie xu , 18 , met his 19-year-old classmate zhang chi when the pair began attending school together at daxu high school in xuzhou , china . zhang suffers from muscular dystrophy , a condition that weakens skeletal muscle which often makes it very difficult for those with the disease to walk or carry their own weight . the teenagers live in dorms close by to the school , and each day xie carries zhang from their rooms to the school
the los angeles angels of anaheim are willing to pay almost $ 70million for josh hamilton to play for another team . hamilton has been on the disabled list all season after undergoing shoulder surgery on february 4 . the 33-year-old outfielder still has about $ 83million left on the five-year deal he signed with the angels in 2012 .
craig ` lazie ' lynch is serving nine years for a series of violent gang robberies . one in which a knife was held to a terrified father 's throat in front of his family . he has been free to run a sneering facebook site from his cell in bedford prison .
thad cochran -lrb- r-ms -rrb- has yet to comment on the fact that his personal assistant and office manager fred pagan has been charged with trafficking drugs . pagan was paid $ 160,000 in his senate role last year . he is accused of buying the substances to exchange for sexual favors .
the bionic bar is among many hi-tech gimmicks on board the 4,180-passenger anthem of the seas . passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips , which can be pressed against various sensors . the indoor seaplex activity area -lrb- the largest of its kind at sea -rrb- has bumper cars , a roller disco and circus school .
taylor swift and rumored boyfriend calvin harris spotted together after watching the band haim perform at troubadour club in west hollywood . were a record company to write a job description for the next big thing in popular music , certain attributes would surely be high on the list . foremost among them , one suspects , would be a decent singing voice , the ability to dance and that elusive brand of charisma .
artist and photographer yener torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of istanbul . the 32-year-old aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city , as it contrasts with the ornate , ottoman architecture . yener admits that he has to hunt around in order to find the most dramatic and colourful ones .
tracey woodford , 47 , was last seen by her family on april 21 in rhydyfelin . her body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' around 3pm on friday . police confirmed yesterday they had been given an extra 36 hours to question the suspect . a 50-year-old man remains in police custody and is assisting police with enquiries .
david cameron urged an audience to support west ham during a speech . he said : ` this a country where people of all faiths , all colours , creeds and backgrounds can live together in one place ' . last week the conservative leader tweeted his delight at villa reaching the fa cup final by beating liverpool .
a surgical unit at st mary 's hospital , london , has not accepted new patients in more than a week after eight were found to be carrying carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae . the antibiotic-resistant bacteria can cause potentially fatal infections in the bloodstream and urine . if all goes to plan , the duchess of cambridge hopes to have her baby at the private lindo wing of the hospital , where her first child , prince george , was born
coca-cola has switched all the lids on its 500ml bottles to red . fans have taken to twitter to express their discontent at the changes . coke zero , which is also sugar-free , and the reduced sugar coke life varieties also used to have tops with a specific colour .
four members of the royals and three from the white sox were punished for their roles in a series-opening brawl and six of the players drew suspensions . royals pitcher yordano ventura was handed a seven-game suspension , fellow starter edinson volquez given five games and outfielder lorenzo cain and reliever kelvin herrera got two games apiece .
ed miliband accused of plunging general election campaign to ` new low ' . senior conservatives claimed mr miliband was effectively ` accusing the prime minister of murder ' in a ` desperate and negative ' attempt to score political points by exploiting a human tragedy . controversy began after labour spin doctors issued a briefing note .
sebastiano quagliata and his wife , valbona lucaj , pleaded no contest to owning a dangerous dog causing death in the fatal mauling of craig sytsma of livonia . the father-of-three was bitten some eight times by two hundred-pound cane corsos while jogging in metamora township , 45 miles northwest of detroit . the two have been in custody for months and were facing a second-degree murder charge before making the
the mid-size ship , with an on-board climbing wall , is sailing away from rci to thomson . it will get a new name , yet to be announced , and launched under new name next summer . magellan started life as the holiday , built in 1985 for carnival cruise lines .
cosmopolitan editor bronwyn mccahon says her magazine did n't more thoroughly investigate belle gibson before presenting her with its fun fearless female award in sydney last year . she says the award wo n't be taken off ms gibson , despite the whole pantry founder 's admission of lying about her cancers . gibson 's wellness app and clean-eating cookbook promised to help her 300,000 plus followers live ` the whole life ' .
omarur rahman insisted there was deep-rooted racism within tower hamlets . his comment was at odds with a devastating legal ruling that condemned his predecessor for bribery and ballot fraud . political opponents said they were playing the same ` cracked record ' by seeking to blame racism and islamophobia for their problems .
grace mann , 20 , was found dead in her rented home in fredericksburg , virginia . her parents , local judge thomas mann and his wife melissa , remembered their daughter in a brief interview a week after she was found choked to death . mann was found by her two female roommates with a plastic bag stuffed down her throat .
officers samuel kvarzell , markus asberg , eric jansberger and erik naslund halted a fight between two homeless men on the uptown 6 train this week . a video of the selfless act then surfaced and has spread on social media , gaining them attention from hoards of fans , both male and female . officials from the united states and sweden have praised their brave efforts and they are set to return home as heroes .
leslie roy , 52 , and lee marie wright , 56 , were examined at a hospital and released . they had been visiting relatives in ishpeming , in another part of the peninsula , and were planning to head south april 11 . they were entombed in snow on a remote used road with eight boxes of girl scout cookies purchased from relatives and a bag of cheese puffs .
the avalanche buried part of base camp , raising fears for the safety of hundreds of climbers who are in the area . a number of britons are among those who have not been heard from since the quake.the identities of those who died have not yet been released . a dining tent at basecamp has been turned into hospital .
new jersey judge lawrence jones rejected the complaint in a 37-page decision that contained a brief history of rock ` n ' roll and a commentary on the increasing use of judges . jones said pink may have some suggestive moves and lyrics , but she 's an artist whose works are n't necessarily inappropriate for preteens .
bruce jenner revealed he is a republican and a christian during the much-anticipated interview on her abc 20/20 special last night . sawyer had mentioned president 's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent state of the union address . ' i would do that , yeah , in a heartbeat , ' he said .
the brody worklounge is an effort to preserve the privacy and less distractions given in a cubicle while still being a part of an open office work community . the seating will be available for purchase in late august starting at $ 2,700 . brody features an led task light , privacy screen , foot rest , storage space and personal adjustable work surface .
steven davis , 57 , of milton , and his relatives are sure james ` whitey ' bulger killed his sister debra davis in 1981 . following the release of the first black mass trailer this week , mr davis told the boston globe he and his family are upset that people will be profiting from their tragedy . depp is completely transformed for the role .
samantha wills , from williamstown in south australia , welcomed the joey dubbed ` crash ' into her family after he was thrown from his mother 's pouch when she was hit by a car . the adorable marsupial lives a comfortable life with the wills family and even attends most of their social events .
crowds who turned out for the anzac day memorial service have been left fuming after the incident . father arron cutugno said he was ` disgusted ' by the choice to play music . the club , on george street in sydney 's cbd , is close to the martin place war memorial .
angela merkel has demanded a new european union system that distributes asylum-seekers to member states based on their population and economic strength . the call comes as europe struggles with the growing refugee crisis in the mediterranean . hundreds have died in recent days trying to get from northern africa to italy .
researchers selected parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in new york . they measured factors such as the adult 's level of engagement with the child and how distracted they seemed . researchers also observed how often the child took risks such as jumping off moving swings or going down a slide head-first .
peter moore was shocked after receiving the document from hmrc . the 47-year-old pottery factory worker apologised for the family 's ` recent bereavement ' . it added that officials needed to sort out whether mr moore had paid enough - or too much - tax .
republican senator rand paul shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous ` king of instagram ' dan blizerian . the 10-second video , obtained by daily caller reporter kaitlin collins , is titled ` lessons from dan blan ' . the pair were playing liar 's poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes .
footage captured on a cctv camera near an office in shimla , india . teenager wanders past the monkey , who eyeballs him from a ledge . much like a human , the monkey interprets the gesture as an insult . it is then the monkey finds himself in a stare down with the young man .
felix david , 24 , was being arrested at a facility for mentally ill people transitioning into society from psychiatric institutions . he was shot in the chest by officers during the 1.45 pm incident and later died at a local hospital . sources said that david , who was wanted for a robbery committed last thursday , grabbed an officer 's radio and hit him over the head with it .
tashkent is the largest international airport in uzbekistan , and the busiest in central asia , so the crash will have more than likely delayed many passengers . two of the budget airline 's planes clipped wings at dublin airport back on april 1 , but the incident caused disruption for hundreds of travellers .
the two members of the navy 's elite sea , air , land teams were found at the bottom of the pool by another service member . the names of the seals were withheld pending notification of next of kin . one seal died and another was hurt on friday at joint expeditionary base little creek-fort story in virginia .
paul shorter had a series of liaisons with the schoolgirl , who he was giving one-to-one tuition in a ` serious ' breach of his position of trust . the 31-year-old kissed the teenager after class and also groped her in his car . the father-of-one , of addlestone , surrey , looked shaken and spoke softly as he admitted two counts of sexual activity with a child .
in bulgaria it is genuine : practically every village in the mountains has at least one choir . despite much trawling on the internet , the end of communism did not appear to have resulted in a dramatic increase in consumer choice . the only two shops sold the barest of necessities each morning .
linda thompson , now 64 , met bruce at the playboy mansion when he was separated from his first wife , chrystie crownover , the mother of his two eldest children . they fell in love and got married in hawaii when she was already pregnant with their first son , brandon . a few years later they welcomed a second son together , brody .
colin shearing , 70 , failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced . convicted of indecent assault and given a week on bail to ` put his personal matters in order ' . but swansea crown court heard he had crossed the channel and booked a room at the hotel des nation in paris .
the royal family led tributes to those who fought and fell in the ill-fated offensive . the day began in london with a dawn ceremony at wellington arch on hyde park corner . prince harry led the nation during a ceremony at the cenotaph in whitehall , while prince charles was in turkey .
1st lt michael alonso and 1st lantz balthazar have been charged in cases stemming from an investigation that led to the disclosure last year of a separate exam-cheating scandal . one of their fellow missile officers who was a target of the same investigation pleaded guilty to illegal drug use in january . the malmstrom missile wing operates 150 of the air force 's 450 minuteman 3 intercontinental ballistic missiles , or icbms .
brendan rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after liverpool were dumped out of the fa cup . the red half of merseyside expect success and landed the league cup under kenny dalglish before rodgers took to the helm . eden hazard 's first-half strike against manchester united leaves chelsea on the brink of winning the title .
john doyle , 79 , was ushering two 12-year-old girls across the road . businessman genti rustemi , 45 , drove over the crossing point without slowing . mr doyle tapped his lollipop stick on the roof of the bmw as it hurtled past . but after rustemi dropped off his daughter at a different school , he returned to the crossing minutes later in a fit of temper . he then punched the former pub landlord in the chest causing him to fall
sian harkin , 54 , gave # 30,000 to a builder using the school chequebook . the work was to be carried out at llwyncelyn primary school in porth . harkin claimed the money was to build a rain shelter for waiting parents . but the proposed work was never ratified by governors .
kasper schmeichel has been named in as part of three football league team -lrb- s -rrb- of the season . angel rangel has risen from league one to the premier league with swansea city . ashley williams is now an established top-flight international centre back .
manchester united left back luke shaw chases the ball ahead of branislav ivanovic 's move to old trafford in the summer . the left back had a decent game on his return to the team at stamford bridge . shaw admits he has struggled to live up to his # 28million price tag .
rebecca rice , 16 , tried everything to calm her nerves but knew the only thing that made her feel comfortable was her 11-year-old dog holly . after confiding in her teacher lorette esteve it was decided she could take holly into the five-minute recorded french oral test .
the company has also warned existing customers that the loyalty points they earn will be much lower from june 1 . financial experts believe other firms are likely to follow suit . the company scrapped the deal after the announcement last month of an eu cap -- limiting the fees retailers can be charged for processing payments .
adriana alvarez , 22 , is a leader with fight for $ 15 , an international movement to raise minimum wage laws and acquire the right to unionize . she said that even with assistance from food stamps , medicaid , and a child care subsidy , she is barely getting by . she says her pay used to be even lower before she and fellow employees of the fast food chain began to protest .
blackpool beat blackpool 1-0 in their premier league clash at the britannia stadium on saturday . the visitors took a shock lead through oliver langford 's first goal for the club . ince made his name between 2011 and 2014 , initially on loan to crystal palace in january .
edward moore was assistant director of music at king edward 's school in witley , surrey , when he had consensual sex with the 16-year-old student in his office . moore , from ascot , berkshire , was jailed for nine months on friday . he admitted two counts of abusing a position of trust and sexual activity with a girl aged 13 to 17 years .
john caudwell bought the audley street garage in mayfair , central london for # 155million in order to knock it down . new apartment block will contain five townhouses , three penthouses , a mews home and 21 more luxury flats . vip neighbours may object to the building works needed to build four levels of basements as well as nine storeys above the ground .
cole skuse made it 2-1 to ipswich in the first half of the 90th minute . bruno ecuele manga stretched to clear on the edge of the box . the score was already 1-1 when , in the 29th minute , and the ball bounced to skuse .
jeremy peace is hoping to sell the club for between # 150million and # 200million . the baggies are 13th in the premier league , seven points clear of the relegation zone . pulis said on monday he was unaware of any imminent sale but peace has given him assurances it will not drag on over the summer .
bristol city reached 92 points with their 27th league victory of the season . james tavernier 's brace and further goals from joe bryan , luke ayling , aden flint and aaron wilbraham . bristol city defeated bradford 6-0 to pick up the final three points they needed to take them up .
tony pulis insists west brom chairman jeremy peace has given him his word any takeover will not drag on . the baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the premier league , and face liverpool next . pulis also dismissed any worries over saido berahino 's comments .
toddler thor dalhaug died an hour after birth following a difficult delivery . he suffered fatal brain damage due to a doctor 's errors , ruled stuart fisher , senior coroner for central lincolnshire . report will come as a blow to the hospital , which has just been taken out of ` special measures ' .
the indigenous sentinelese tribe killed two men who were fishing illegally in 2006 . they have been known to fire arrows and fling rocks at low-flying planes or helicopters on reconnaissance missions . there are also conflicting reports on the tribe 's population , with most estimates putting it in the range of a few dozen to a few hundred .
avastin , which is used in several other cancers , gives women four months ' extra life . it has been available in england via the cdf since last march . each year an estimated 600 women with advanced cervical cancer could benefit from avastin costing # 3,370 for a month 's treatment .
scientists in colorado have found evidence for a new solar season cycle . every two years it appears ` bands ' of magnetic field move to the surface . this combines with the existing 11-year solar cycle , causing even more powerful coronal mass ejections -lrb- cmes -rrb- and solar flares that can endanger earth . the charged particles can also threaten airlines by disturbing the earth 's magnetic field .
designers launched scathing attack on the protein supplement company . it features a toned model posing with the slogan ` are you beach body ready ? ' . more than 50,000 people sign a petition to have them removed . but the company 's marketing boss claimed the firm is ` just trying to make the nation healthier ' .
philip gigante , 41 , whose grandfather vincent ` the chin ' gigante was the head of the genovese crime family , was elected into the positions by residents of airmont . the republican real-estate lawyer , who will get $ 25,000 a year for the part time job , hopes his ` achievements and accomplishments ' are what constituents notice .
dina amos-larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in salou , spain . she fell while talking to her mother on the phone on april 3 . the 21-year-old was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks . she was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago .
a queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey . the package was sent almost 2000kms away to chullora in new south wales , after it was picked up in nathan , queensland . the next day it was sent all the way back to queensland , and was processed at a facility in underwood on wednesday .
harry the ginger tom was hit by a police car near tony hunt 's home . but instead of tracking down the owner , the officers involved knocked on a neighbour 's door and asked for a black bin bag . witness described seeing them ` scooping harry up and placing him in the bag in the boot of the car ' . mr hunt , from normanton in derby , is demanding an apology from police .
at least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched late on saturday for at least four people missing . the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard . more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the dauphin island regatta in mobile bay .
the video shows a convoy of jihadist insurgents triumphantly celebrating their capturing of the northwestern syrian town of jisr al-shughour . just hours after the eight-minute video was filmed , syrian government warplanes carried out more than a dozen air strikes . the city in the northwestern idlib province was captured by a terrorist alliance that includes al-qaeda affiliates al-nusra .
moors murderer ian brady was jailed for life in 1966 after torturing and killing five children with his then-girlfriend myra hindley . the 77-year-old wrote the letters from his bed at ashworth psychiatric hospital in merseyside . it comes four months after brady wrote a letter to a channel 5 news correspondent , in which he expressed no remorse for his killings .
the snp want to eject trident from scotland , but both the conservatives and labour have committed to retaining the base on the clyde . a party was sent to gibraltar in january to determine whether the option could work . one can only assume it 's part of broader contingency planning .
planners in windsor have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart . the latest costa will open on the site of the former dedworth road hsbc branch . it means there will be two costas just a brisk five-minute walk apart . planners said there was no legal reason to refuse .
new nhs guidelines urge gps to draw up end-of-life plans for over-75s . younger patients suffering from cancer , dementia , heart disease or serious lung conditions are also being told to ask whether the patient wants doctors to try to resuscitate them if their health suddenly deteriorates .
duke and duchess of cambridge leave lindo wing of st mary 's hospital in paddington , central london , in a proud moment with their newborn son prince george . the 33-year-old royal 's baby is expected before the end of april - with the due date initially reported yesterday . either way kate is now overdue and may have already spoken to doctors about the possibility of being induced .
perry clawson , a former army colonel , was pictured friday sitting outside the university of florida 's zeta beta tau frat house in gainesville . he said the members had ` p ***** d off ' servicemen across the country with their actions , pitched up outside the building , proudly displayed the flag which accompanied him on two tours of duty to iraq . one veteran , wounded nicholas connole , said frat members spat on him and his service dog
tayler chaice buzbee was forced to make an emergency appointment at an aspen dental facility in alabama on friday morning . but after calling the dentist 's office , she was informed that the only available appointment was in just 20 minutes - meaning that she had no time to find a babysitter for her infant son , attley . instead , tayler was assured by employees that she could bring her baby to the facility . but midway through the appointment , she started to create
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday . wannabe chefs with their eye on a career as the next gordon ramsay or jamie oliver should take note . he told mailonline : ` you can achieve anything if you try hard enough and you 're passionate enough ' .
boris johnson appeared alongside mr miliband on the bbc 's andrew marr show . but mr johnson ended up laughing off the attack , responding : ` come on boris , you 're better than that ' . rivals ' encounter quickly descended into a slanging match .
former fbi director louis freeh nearly died last summer when he was involved in a car crash near his summer home in barnard , vermont . they say freeh severed an artery in one of his legs and would have bled to death in just 60 seconds if it were n't for the quick response from paramedics and an fbi agent on the scene . freeh told police he has no memory of the crash .
in total , 272 youngsters left disabled by foetal alcohol syndrome were hospitalised in england over the past 12 months . but the actual number affected by their mother ' s drinking could be far greater , experts have warned . research by the world health organisation suggests that at least one in 100 babies born in the uk could suffer learning and behavioural problems .
max azria 's home is spread across three acres in holmby hills , one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city 's ` platinum triangle ' . there are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore , and that 's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater .
the six dancers were filmed twerking in front of the malaya zemlya monument in novorossiysk , southern russia . prosecutors said their ` erotic and sexual twerk dance ' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war and jailed two of the women for ten days and a third for 15 days .
a new video created by oprah winfrey 's own tv reveals just what 's happening in a child 's mind when they become angry and upset . a group of children describe their feelings in the midst of a passionate outburst , in a video featured on super soul sunday . while mindfulness has become the latest buzzword when it comes to dealing with stress and bolstering your mental well-being for adults .
ed miliband has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on properties worth over # 2million . estate agents in london are now said to be offering a higher ` cameron price ' . the annual levy will hit his own home in north london . shadow chancellor ed balls , homeowners with properties worth more than # 3million will be forced to pay # 3,000 a year in mansion tax .
new broadcasting house in central london covers half a million square feet . it has specially designed ` huddle zones ' and a ` meeting tower ' . one of the running jokes in w1a is that its fictional meeting rooms are named after popular entertainers -- hugh bonneville 's character ian fletcher .
the broccoli chemical sulforaphane is known to block the inflammation and damage to cartilage associated with arthritis . patients would have to eat several pounds of the vegetable every day to derive any significant benefit . uk drug company evgen pharma has developed a stable synthetic version of the chemical that offers the potential of a pill treatment .
adele mckenzie was set to marry david elliot when she was devastated to learn the bridal company she had paid around $ 1,000 to for her dress . the 31-year-old said when she slipped into the white lacy gown , she instantly saw herself standing in front of her friends and family and exchanging marriage vows with the love of her life . she said she was n't able to buy the $ 2,000 dress outright so she organised a payment plan with ` the
police say eligah christian , 49 , was taken into custody friday after mashing the bulky vehicle into several patrol cars . he was being sought on a $ 100,000 warrant on charges of scheming to defraud , 15 counts of theft and 21 counts of issuing bad checks . christian was charged with felony reckless driving and criminal mischief .
david cameron will put small business at the heart of the election campaign today by declaring that the conservatives are ` the party of the grafters ' . he will appeal to small firms and the self-employed , saying : ` if you want political excitement , maybe you could go to greece ' .
researchers at the university of bristol quizzed 40 heterosexual male and female students and asked them to rate the attractiveness of three groups of people who were sober , tipsy and drunk . the study found that tipsy people , who had downed one large 250ml glass of 14 per cent wine , were consistently voted as the ` most attractive ' .
a third of brits say they ca n't enjoy cheese without a dollop of their favourite pickle . three in ten office workers tuck into cheese sandwiches for lunch each work day . traditional red leicester followed by italian parmesan in fifth -lrb- 24 % -rrb- .
dr alex zhavoronkov believes medical advances and knowledge of lifestyles will lead to a far longer life expectancy than has been seen to date . he is following a strict regime of regular exercise combined with drugs and supplements , while shunning marriage , children and material assets to focus on anti-ageing research instead .
sharon and mike tierney set aside one evening per month for mutual grooming . the sydney couple set aside an evening once a month to tend to all their beauty maintenance needs . mike has been well trained in the art of waxing , spray tans and eyelash tints .
stephen a. smith has once again taken a controversial stance on domestic violence on espn 's first take . nine months after smith received a one-week suspension for claiming women can play a role in provoking men into violence . he told fellow anchor cari champion that he understood why she disagreed with his stance because she was a woman and ` should feel that way ' .
david cameron said the scottish national party would prop up a minority labour administration in the hope that the government would be a ` disaster ' . liberal democrat minster danny alexander accused the prime minister of ` playing with fire ' by stirring up ill-feeling between scotland and england .
kate and william left the lindo wing of st mary 's hospital in london . 12 per cent of people thought the child should be named after william 's mother . alice is the name of the queen 's aunt , who passed away in 2004 aged 102 .
paula radcliffe has battled back from injury to take part in the 26.2 mile race in the capital . the mother-of-two has won the london marathon three times , including in 2003 when she set her phenomenal word record time of 2 hours 15 minutes and 25 seconds . it will be an emotional run for paula who will be presented with the inaugural john disley lifetime achievement award in honour of her achievements .
madison hurd , 16 , from seward , nebraska in the hospital and forced her to miss her high school 's prom . nurses spent their day off doing hurd 's nails , makeup and hair , getting music and a cake . they even made sure the decorations matched the great gatsby-themed dance hurd had been planning and organizing for the last year with her student council at milford high school .
zoe o'connell lives in a three-way lesbian relationship with her two canvassers . the 37-year-old is standing for the lib dems in maldon , essex , and is using her complex personal life at the forefront of her campaign . the two are now in a civil partnership .
holden issued a stop delivery notice to car dealers and urged owners of the holden colorado - suv or ute - to have their cars checked out immediately . spanning just over a year , the models said to be affected were made in thailand between september 2013 and january 2015 . this latest safety issue makes holden the most recalled car brand in 2015 .
the oil painting was believed to be the work of a ` follower ' of 16th century renaissance master el greco . but the selling price suggests the untitled , undated and unsigned painting may have been done by the artist himself . auctioneer richard bromell gave the painting an estimated value of about # 300 to # 400 but it ended up selling for more than # 120,000 .
renee somerfield , the genetically-blessed australian model starring in a controversial new weight loss advert , has responded to the backlash against the campaign . the sight of the 24-year-old 's curves towering above train platforms has caused a stir among some feminists and body image campaigners . online fitness store protein world , who claim that the image is entirely unphotoshopped , have been actively engaging in the furore on social media .
professor stephen hawking appeared at the sydney opera house on saturday night as a 3d hologram from his physical location at cambridge university . during the show professor hawking was asked about the cosmological effect of former one direction singer zayn malik leaving the boy band .
the unattractive shade of orangey-red is made worse by the colour of the underslip -- a queasy pale peach . its weight suggests that it 's reinforced concrete and while thick fabric can smooth problem areas , here it bulges at the waist . it could be designer . dress , # 150 , adrianna papell at johnlewis.com .
the strongsville pet owner was inside a walmart as the dog sat in the parking lot . the officer then had the woman sit inside with the windows up and ignition off . this is n't the first time an animal-loving officer has employed the unorthodox punishment . in the recent ohio incident , the woman was left ` looking uncomfortable ' as she sat in her unventilated nissan sentra .
chimp found cowering in tiny box terrified of animal traffickers who killed her mother . men had been trying to find buyer on lucrative black market when they were stopped at a check point trying to cross into sierra leone from guinea , in west africa . traffickers were caught during a joint operation by the guinea ministry of environment .
british foreign office has advised tourists in nepal to follow the advice . intrepid travel , who run 800 trips across the world , have decided not to take any more bookings to nepal until may 11 . those who are planning on travelling out before this date with existing bookings have been offered a full refund or alternative trip .
a man driving to work in alabama had earlier noticed his stolen pickup truck following him last week . the truck was swiped from the victim his birthday . terry proctor , 29 , was booked into the cherokee county jail , on charges including first degree theft and possession of burglary tools .
david duane watson , a 46-year-old tucson firefighter , was arrested without incident saturday on charges he killed his ex-wife linda watson . police say the dispute continued after watson 's murder as her mother marilyn cox , 63 , tried to obtain visitation rights . three years after her daughter went missing , cox and her neighbor renee farnsworth , 53 , were shot dead in the driveway of linda 's home . three years
pm was giving a campaign speech in south london when he joked that everyone should back his team -- but then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants . mr cameron said he had been ` overcome by something ' , adding : ' i do n't know what happened to me , it was just one of those things ' .
labour leader 's visit to the north london temple came after he told bbc1 's andrew marr show he would not do any deals with the snp . labour is expected to suffer heavy losses in scotland - where it won 41 seats in 2010 - with forecasts suggesting ms sturgeon 's party could see as many as 50 mps elected .
karla hornby said she thought she was going to die when she gave birth to baby freddie , weighing just 2lbs . she was on holiday in benidorm with her partner jordan jackson . but mr jackson , 21 , is meant to report back for service tomorrow .
chris blowes was mauled by a great white shark at 9.45 am on saturday . the 26-year-old is in a critical condition at the royal adelaide hospital . mr blowes ' family have released a statement expressing their gratitude for all of the support and well wishes they have received during this traumatic time .
a film crew shooting the documentary lair of the megashark were just off new zealand 's stewart island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin . the two men that can be seen on the boat are shark experts jeff kurr and andy casagrande . they are stunned a second time when it resurfaces dangerously close to the dinghy as it tries to get a hold of the bait attached to the main rig .
suzanne evans said she will step in as leader if nigel farage quits . ukip leader has also pledged to be ` gone within 10 minutes ' if he fails to win . but she played down his medical problems and played down medical problems . mr farage is suffering from a recurring spinal injury and is on medication .
the belmond hotel cipriani is on the island of giudecca , a sliver of land just 300 metres wide and 1.5 miles in length . george and amal 's wedding celebrations lasted over the course of a whole weekend and were at some of venice 's most exclusive venues .
prosecutors said james holmes , 27 , was once a sought-after neuroscientist-in-training , but evidence shows that months before the shooting he was preparing for violence . if the 12 final jurors , decide that holmes was mentally ill at the time of the shooting , he will be committed indefinitely to a state psychiatric hospital . if not , prosecutors will press for the death penalty over life in prison without parole .
the hudsonian godwit was spotted at the shapwick heath in somerset and drew scores of bird watchers . more than 1,000 twitchers had lined the water 's edge to catch a glimpse of the bird . the wader is now inhabiting the same space as its english counterparts , the black tailed godwit .
sydney 's west was pummelled by a massive hail storm on saturday . marble-sized hailstones , some up to 2cm in diameter pounded multiple suburbs in the city 's east and west on anzac day . saturday 's freak weather could be explained by constantly changing atmospheric conditions and bursts of ice-cold air .
the fbi is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in southern california because of a ` known threat ' from isis . the investigation and security increase started after intercepted communication and other intelligence information led officials to believe that a plot could be under way . officials found out earlier that isis called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot .
mark-francis vandelli has opened up his watch collection to the evening standard , showing off some of the 16 eye-wateringly expensive timepieces he has been collecting since his teens . the 26 year old has got into the habit of buying a new watch each year , so that he will have an impressive collection by the time he reaches middle age .
prime minister hits back at growing criticism over his election campaign . he said he would campaign on ` more jobs , more business , more security in retirement ' . comes amid claims senior tory figures are already planning to make boris johnson the next leader . mr cameron insisted the economy ` excites ' millions of people .
paul gambaccini blamed the presenters ' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings . the 66-year-old said he was particularly annoyed about last week 's show when host clara amfo appeared to dismiss superstar paul simon , who had just topped the album charts at the age of 73 .
in women the two fingers are typically the same length . but in men the ring finger -lrb- measured from the crease where it joins the hand -rrb- . it is likely to be longer than the index finger . women , on the other hand , are said to be better at empathy and understanding what another person is feeling or needs .
shadow business secretary chuka umunna said nigel farage had ' a problem with race ' following his remarks last about ` fully black ' and ` half black ' ukip supporters . mr farage dragged into a fresh racism storm after national front members turned up to campaign for him in his south thanet constituency .
massimo vian , one of the heads of milan-based luxottica , said his team was looking to improve on the internet-connected device . however , google stopped selling the first version and shut its pre-launch explorer program for google glass earlier this year . vian told shareholders that his company is ` now working on google glass version 2 which is in preparation ' .
more than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside tribhuwan international airport . despite plummeting temperatures and rain , crowds had started to form outside the building late last night . even more passengers flocked to the airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city .
the united states geological survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres -lrb- 50 miles -rrb- northwest of kathmandu at 06.11 gmt . experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents . on sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries , with hundreds still missing .
chelsea bruck was last seen in frenchtown township , michigan , on october 26 . her body was n't clothed when workers found it while trying to free a dump truck from soggy soil . the medical examiner 's office in wayne county used dental records to confirm the body is bruck 's .
abby lubiewski was born with hallerman-streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts . she can only perceive light and dark when she 's not wearing her specs . her mother amanda was outraged after finding out her three-year-old daughter 's smile was strained .
danny nickerson , six , of massachusetts died of an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013 . last july , his birthday request for cards with his name went viral . his mother carley nickerson shared on a facebook page that her ` precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' after a ` courageous 18-month battle ' .
two-year-old tommy cox from colchester , essex , is third in line to the throne and born into a life of palaces and privilege . father paul , 41 , is regularly stopped by people who want to have their photograph taken with the prince 's lookalike .
former apprentice star margaret mountford will reveal the island was the magaluf of its day , and a capital for sex tourism . she said the word ` lesbian ' meant a woman performing an intimate sex act on a man . professor hall from king 's college london tells the programme : ` lesbos had a very particular reputation for producing very beautiful women ' .
the monuments of kathmandu , the capital of nepal , are recognised as a unesco world heritage site . but several of the most recognisable buildings in the city , including towers and temples , now lie in rubble . more than 2,500 people died in the quake as buildings collapsed raining down debris on the streets below .
dozens of yazidi girls and women , some as young as eight , have returned after falling pregnant by their captors and further at risk at being ostracised by their community . now , some kurdish doctors are allegedly performing illegal abortions and secret surgeries to ` reverse loss of virginity ' on the victims . some of the girls , some barely teenagers , are some of around 40,000 people kidnapped at gunpoint when islamic state fighters attacked villages last summer .
sarah , 36 , and mark brennan , 35 , from south wales , never gave up hope of becoming parents despite being told they 'd never conceive naturally . yet last september they defied doctors to have eryn , who was born seven weeks early , weighing just 3lb 11oz . after feeling queasy and exhausted , she decided to take a pregnancy test .
the heritage-listed colonial georgian residence , with three storeys and six bedrooms , was built by whaling captain george grimes . the 416sqm inner city block property boasts stunning views of the sydney harbour bridge from the front lacework terrace . less than 10 minutes walk to the city 's centre - with footsteps down to the heart of the historical area of the rocks .
major steve thompson with the alabama department of public safety 's marine patrol division said that one person was found dead on saturday . during a press conference on sunday , authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water . the regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people -lrb- above a camera captures a passing sailboat trying to get through the big waves during the storm .
maría jose carrascosa , a 49-year-old native of spain , was released from a new jersey jail on friday night . she was paroled last year after moving her daughter to spain when the girl 's father , peter innes , was granted custody of the child .
boris milat detailed how his brother , ivan , shot and paralysed a taxi driver in 1962 , more then 25 years before he went on a backpacker killing spree . mr milat confessed the shooting was his murderous brother 's first violent crime , despite police never once considering him a suspect . alan dillon was convicted for the shooting and spent five years behind bars .
anais zanotti , 30 , who lives in miami , first became interested in the high-flying sport when a friend recommended it to her . now the brunette , who has 35 cover shoots under her belt , is a pro who teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump from a plane .
plans to service at st paul 's cathedral advise it will avoid glorifying duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815 . last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ` took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' . instead , the service will be attended by members of the royal family and senior political and military figures .
$ 2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from sydney home . three years after the theft , police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a wiley park property . the works were stolen between july 17 and august 10 , 2010 .
new south wales ombudsman is investigating how bill spedding , 63 , who has been charged with five counts of child sexual assault and two counts of common assault . the mother of the three young boys , who can not be named , was shocked to discover that the children had been living with a man accused of child abuse . the boys ' grandfather told the newspaper : ' i am very concerned about what may have happened to my grandchildren ' .
joshua burns , formerly of brighton , was sentenced to three years ' probation with the first served in livingston county jail for second-degree child abuse earlier this month . joshua and his wife , brenda burns , say he is innocent , and that he grabbed their daughter naomi 's face when she slipped from his lap as he ended a phone call with his wife in march 2014 . he claims he was trying to save her from hitting her head on a coffee table in their
megan sheehan , of san francisco , said camera footage of bay area rapid transit officers and oakland police conflict with what police say happened the night she was knocked unconscious . she had been arrested and booked at the santa rita jail for suspicion of resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication .
australian broadcaster sbs has sacked its football reporter scott mcintyre over his ` inappropriate and disrespectful ' anzac day tweets . in a joint statement , sbs managing director michael ebeid and director of sport , ken shipp said the comments have 'cause d his on-air position at sbs to become untenable ' . mcintyr referred to the anzac 's landing on the gallipoli peninsula in turkey .
lebron james was at practice with his cleveland cavalier teammates on saturday at the td garden in boston . during a break in the action , james decided to practice his long-range shooting . just before the long distance shot went through the basket with an audible swish .
saturday night live cast member cecily strong took aim at barack obama and washington 's elite when she hosted the correspondents ' dinner . she continued with a barrage of jokes skewering the president 's inner circle and assembled media . hillary clinton and nbc at the annual event dubbed the ` nerd prom ' .
mitha yumi perry , 36 , was arrested on friday on accusations of felony hit-and-run , driving with a suspended license and on a misdemeanor warrant . police dog ranger was able to track her scent near the shallow hole she was hiding in before she gave herself up after warnings to reveal herself before the dog was unleashed .
russian president vladimir putin has claimed that intercepted phone calls prove the us helped chechen islamic insurgents wage war against russia . putin said he raised the issue with then-us president george w. bush , who promised to ` kick the ass ' of the intelligence officers in question . but he claimed a few days later the heads of russia 's fsb received a letter from their american counterparts .
robin barton , 25 , was just four hours old , now-retired santa ana police officer michael buelna found him abandoned behind a garbage dumpster on november 21 , 1989 . he had heard the sound of a ` very low meow ' and at first thought it was a cat behind the dumpster , but after moving some trash he discovered barton 's infant body . barton and his adoptive parents had the chance to meet with barton last week .
millions of years of erosion , explosions and a touch of folklore form the narrative behind some of the most unbelievable sights in the world . from sweeping curves of arizona 's the wave in the u.s. to the fairy chimneys of turkey 's cappadocia , the simple flow of water over stone has created some remarkable features . many of them are incredible natural deceptions , such as yellowstone national park 's grand prismatic spring , which looks for all money in
katia apalategui 's mother coped with losing her husband by holding on to his pillowcase which his smell clung to . inspired the 52-year-old to think of a more permanent way to capture a person 's individual scent in a bid to help others in mourning .
james hayward arrived at east midlands airport with his parents , phil , 44 , and hazel , 38 , with his brightly coloured toy - which fires sponge darts . but security officers , who were described as ` over-zealous ' by the boy 's father , took exception to james 's harmless toy . they demanded he hand it over , and they also performed a thorough patting down and inspection of the primary school child .
poll for the mail on sunday illustrates growing fears about the result of the most closely fought election for decades . conservatives are on 33 points , followed by labour on 30 , ukip 18 and the lib dems 9 -- the third survation poll in a row to show a lead for the tories .
ehitope adebamiro , 35 , was charged with first-degree murder on friday after being called to her home in bear , delaware . when they arrived at the home around 12:40 am , they found 37-year-old adeyinka unconscious in a bedroom with a stab wound to his upper body and his wife in bloody clothes . paramedics pronounced him dead about an hour later and the delaware division of forensic science ruled him 's death a homicide . adebami
courtney terry , 27 , was first diagnosed with the same disease seven years ago . she had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart billy webb in seven months ' time . but despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal , her kidney cancer is so rare it does not have a name . the family hope to raise # 20,000 so the event can create happy memories .
hawthorn coach alastair clarkson was filmed lashing out at a young man . the incident took place in the hours after the hawthorn hawks ' narrow eight-point loss to port adelaide . the man reportedly ` got in his face ' yelling ` hey clarko , how was the win today brother ? ' .
jeremy clarkson talked himself out of a parking ticket in london today . the warden recognized the former top gear host immediately . the pair chatted for a few minutes as they drew 0-0 with arsenal . richard hammond joined james may in confirming he will not return to top gear .
baltimore police commissioner anthony batts issued an order for protesters to disperse . freddie gray , 25 , died in police custody last week . protesters threw objects at cars , kicked windshields , smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear . a civilian car 's windshield was also shattered as chants of ` shut it down ' were heard during unrest that started around 6.30 pm .
three-year-old big cats attempted to hunt the much larger hippo in zimbabwe 's hwange national park . at first , as the lions approach the large mammal , the hippo tries to scare them off before wandering towards nearby water . however , the animal abruptly turns around and charges towards the two predators .
christian trousedale , 18 , walked the elderly man to his front door . his act of kindness was seen by samantha-jayne brady . he stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on facebook . christian said he was ` blown away ' by the public reaction .
the man , believed to be in his 20s , suffered head and chest injuries . his jeans were left on the underside of the red car after firefighters spent 25 minutes to free the man . medics say he was fortunate to still be alive given the severity of the crash . two fire engines from warwickshire fire and rescue service also helped .
sandra konopelski of shiloh , illinois , was struck by a westbound commuter train on the tracks between swansea and belleville on friday morning . she died of blunt-force trauma and was pronounced dead at the scene . metro often calls bi-state wildlife for help with animals on tracks .
jamie robbins stole # 1,600 from the select 'n' save shop in kings norton , birmingham , with an accomplice on january 13 , 2014 . the 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said : ` please arrest me ' . he was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article at birmingham crown court on thursday .
the former made in chelsea star has joined forces with animal rights crusaders peta on a hard-hitting anti-fur campaign . the slogan reads , alongside an image of the animal lover , who is brandishing what appears to be a skinned fox - a fake one we 've been assured .
amira abase , 15 , left bethnal green with shamima begum 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 , in february and is believed to be living in syria . now , nearly two months after her departure , amira has shared a snippet of life in the islamic state . it shows a huge western-style takeaway , including fried chicken , chips , pizza and kebab meat .
first-time buyers will pay no stamp duty on properties worth up to # 300,000 . labour claims its tax break would be funded by a further squeeze on tax avoidance , higher levies on foreign buyers and cuts in tax relief for landlords who fail to keep properties up to standard . labour aides say they would have a two-month window in which to buy a home before it was made more generally available in a reform .
tracey woodford , 47 , was found dismembered at a flat in pontypridd , wales . her body was discovered with ` massive injuries ' at the flat on friday . her family described her as ` very kind-hearted ' and ` selfless ' . ms woodford was last seen by them around 12.45 pm on april 21 .
andy erlam has announced he will stand as a ` martin bell ' - style anti-corruption independent candidate in his place . last week mr erlam led four ordinary voters who defied threats , financial ruin and official apathy to have lutfur rahman unseated from office by an electoral court .
billionaire phones4u founder john caudwell says his mansion is ` being haunted ' by the ` ghost ' of a child killed in the english civil war . the 62-year-old claimed visitors to his 50-room jacobean manor have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs .
lord greville janner could be tested by experts to prove he has dementia . the 86-year-old is alleged to have sexually assaulted young men in the 1970s and 1980s in children 's homes in leicestershire . police have identified 25 people who say the labour peer attacked them .
the bbc is to air a two-hour , real-time documentary following a canalboat as it pootles its way along a british waterway at a leisurely 4mph . there is no presenter , narrator , dialogue or music , so all viewers will hear are the sounds of the boat 's engine , the lapping of the water and the local birdsong .
maura pally defended the foundation 's work and reaffirmed its commitment to transparency , describing its policies on donor disclosure and contributions from foreign governments . however , the tempered apology came the same day that a government watchdog said that the charity seemed like a ` slush fund ' for one of america 's most powerful political families .
jon reiter , a contractor from kenwood , california , was attempting his third ascent to the summit when the avalanche hit . he described how he tended for the injured even after doctors told him there is little chance they will survive . reiter , who was making his third attempt at the summit , called is wife susan by satellite phone .
luke stanwick , 30 , was on holiday with his family when he broke his neck . the police officer from hailsham , east sussex , may never walk again . he remains in hospital in the portuguese capital , lisbon , where he was put into a coma for extensive surgery .
g36 was created for the requirements of the german armed forces . it is also used as an infantry weapon in around 50 countries . an assault rifle used by counter-terror police does not shoot straight . it also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight , exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly , according to a confidential report .
labour 's plans to impose rent controls are ` economically illiterate ' . ed miliband yesterday confirmed he would press on with controversial plans . he said rent controls would give millions of ` forgotten ' renters a fairer deal . but the generation rent campaign group said his plans were ` riddled with loopholes ' and may make tenants ' lives worse .
aaron lennon reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the # 55,000-a-week tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye . the 18-year-old , who is on loan to everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month .
study by university of bristol and cancer research uk compared records of patients diagnosed with breast , lung and bowel cancer between 2000 and 2009 . findings are worrying because britain has one of the lowest cancer survival rates in europe . even delays of a few weeks can be vital because the cancer can quickly spread to other organs and become very difficult to treat .
more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the nazi camp on april 15 , 1945 . today , hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials . it was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the bergen-belsen concentration camp in northern germany .
maren sanchez , 16 , was stabbed to death at a connecticut school a year ago on the day of prom . a classmate , christopher plaskon , has been charged with murder . her classmates and event organizers said the idea was to remember sanchez on the anniversary of her death as she would have wanted .
former detective tony brookes said money was diverted away from protecting children from rape , trafficking and beatings . offences were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last labour government . now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at south yorkshire police .
prince george 's brother or sister makes their entrance to the world . their arrival will be announced on twitter according to a report in the sunday times . news of the royal delivery will then be posted on the traditional easel behind the gates of buckingham palace , just like prince george and prince william .
the pebble was one of the earliest smartwatches , and since it launched in 2013 , more than a million have been sold . it uses a low-energy screen -lrb- similar to a kindle -rrb- that is readable in daylight . if you do n't want to squint to see the screen , this smartwatch is the one for you .
the disneyland book of lists contains over 200 lists crammed full of secrets known and those more obscure . you will find out how many people have given birth in california , what the official pet food brand is , and how the ladies ' heels got stuck in melting pavement on the opening day .
art detective christopher marinello has tracked down # 250million worth of stolen art including works by chagall and rivera . the art detective is no stranger to high profile cases -- having been central to the recovery of a # 1billion nazi-looted hoard found in a squalid munich flat in 2012 . he is representing the heirs of art dealer paul rosenberg in their bid to recover henri matisse 's 1921 femme assise .
chris lewis , 68 , is suing his ex-wife nicola , 48 , over the child he helped raise as his own for 17 years . she had a child charlie , now 19 , as a result but led him to believe the boy was his , he argues . dna tests now prove that charlie is not his biological son , he says .
freddie gray , 25 , died a week after an encounter with police left him with grave spinal injuries . mourners passed by gray 's silk-draped , white coffin where he lay dressed in a white shirt , black pants , white sneakers and an all-white los angeles dodgers baseball cap . earlier in the day , a pastor at vaughn greene funeral home gave a speech in remembrance of the man who died on april 19 while in police custody .
the nctc interviewed families of hostages , including the parents of journalist james foley , who was killed by islamic state fighters . warren weinstein confirmed they paid a ransom in an attempt to secure his release which was reported in the amount of $ 250,000 . foley 's mother diane said officials from president barack obama 's administration repeatedly told her family it was illegal to try to raise a ransom to free her son .
prime minister david cameron has written to first great western to request it ` urgently review ' its decision to almost double some fares on the route between london and the cotswolds . labour has also pledged to bring in a ` cap ' on price hikes on the whole of the next parliament .
juanette cullum , 48 , was arrested after a witness allegedly saw her stealing property and informed american airline officials . detectives subsequently searched cullum 's brooklyn home , where they also found 19 kindle tablets , seven ipads , two laptops and a ` large amount ' of toiletries . cullum has been charged with grand larceny and criminal possession of stolen property .
the 57-year-old revealed how close she came to suicide one day after her divorce from first husband clive jones . fern , who had three children with clive , twins harry and jack , 21 , and grace , 18 , will celebrate their 15th wedding anniversary next month .
seven female students , some of whom attend brigham young university in utah , were catfished by the same 24-year-old woman . the women had a chance to confront the woman , named kayla , on an episode of dr phil that aired on friday . kayla apologized to the women , saying she was trying to figure out who she was because it 's ` difficult ' to be both gay and mormon .
shamed newsman brian williams lied in his reporting to make himself look good at least 11 times , an internal investigation has reportedly found . the total , cited in media reports about the secretive investigation , would mean the trail of deceit from the fallen face of nbc 's nightly news goes far deeper than previously reported .
gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald told to pay back # 20m . trio are dealing directly with hmrc but have yet to stump up cash . delay criticised by taxpayers ' alliance , with pressure mounting further . gabby logan has already fulfilled her promise to pay all the money she owed .
australian historian dr jim penman claims britons have lost the drive for innovation that epitomised the victorian era as we enjoy a more comfortable standard of living . he has drawn parallels between modern-day britain and 100bc in rome - when the city was at its most powerful as it captured more land overseas .
pippa middleton is said to have bought the biodegradable nappies for her sister the duchess of cambridge ahead of the birth of the new royal baby . yoomi 's self-warming baby bottle promises to gently warm a baby 's feed to the natural temperature of breast milk in just 60 seconds .
the 38-year-old actor has been linked with a string of the world 's most famous beauties - angelina jolie , demi moore , britney spears , elizabeth taylor - the actor says he 's now hung up his prowling boots . in fact , the actor has confessed in an interview with the sunday times that not only is he too busy .
egyptian-born hani al-sibai is suspected of radicalising jihadi john . the 54-year-old was unmasked in february as the notorious murderer in islamic state 's ruthless propaganda videos . now , security services are believed to be investigating the london boys terror cell of which enwazi was a part .
one of the stunning watercolours , showing the moment dorothy , toto , the tinman , the lion and the scarecrow meet the wizard of oz for the first time , went for # 25,000 . both paintings , from the brush of famed art director jack martin smith , were used to work out how the scenes might look once filming of the 1939 hollywood classic began .
the u.s. supreme court 's . arguments on tuesday over same-sex marriage will cap more than . two decades of litigation and a transformation in public . attitudes . based on the court ' . actions during the past two years , a . sense of inevitability is in the air : that a majority is on the . verge of declaring gay marriage legal nationwide .
the dragon king dinosaur skull is being sold by hong kong-based experts at evolved . it is more than 95 per cent complete bone , is 9.2 ft -lrb- 2.8 metres -rrb- long . the skull is said to make it the world 's largest example of such an item . it was first discovered in 1992 when rancher ray novakovich in glendive , montana reportedly found the tip of one of the dinosaur 's horns .
rochelle holmes , 26 , ballooned to 20st 5lbs after eating four takeaways a week . but after receiving the stark warning about her health she decided to lose weight and quit smoking once and for all . she managed to slim down to a size 12 after changing her diet and exercising .
the santa ana , california-based company said it was working with other schools to help students continue their education . corinthian was one of the country 's largest for-profit educational institutions . it collapsed last summer amid a cash shortage and fraud allegations and its closures are believed to be the biggest shutdown in the history of us higher education .
geoff haigh , 61 , from oldham , greater manchester , wanted to marry partner heather , 54 , after being diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer . the pair settled on a venue close to their home in farce after a number of bungles thwarted the ceremony from running smoothly . the couple were left with three marriage certificates after officials got crucial details wrong on the first two .
neanderthals were the dominant human species in europe and much of asia for around 250,000 years before vanishing . scientists took ct scans of teeth found at riparo bombrini in western ligurian alps and in the grotta di fumane in western lessini mountains in italy . it has settled a debate that has raged since they were discovered in 1976 .
four-year-old rj jackson is one of just 70 people in the world who suffers netherton 's syndrome . his skin appears red and inflamed , and is often covered in dry skin that appears like scales on his body . his mother valerie jackson has to regularly cover him in creams to try and prevent his skin drying out . but while out shopping recently , mrs jackson was suddenly surrounded by armed police , who had been called by a member of the public
home secretary theresa may 's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal can not be deported from britain because he is an alcoholic . seven years after the man was first told he would be booted out of the country , a judge has ruled that it would breach his human rights . his case is estimated to have cost british taxpayers a six-figure sum .
president barack obama is a hawaii native who returns every christmas for vacation . the first lady chose what 's being called ` kailua blue ' to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recent state services . pickard , america 's oldest fine china company , has been in business since 1893 .
japanese photographer uruma takezawa has made a living discovering and documenting communities in the most remote areas around the globe . the japanese adventurer spent 1,021 days on the road , to capture amazing images on an odyssey that took him to 103 countries . the results are a spectacular set of dramatic images , which currenlty form part of an exhibition at new york 's foto-care gallery .
asda has created its ` luxury christening range ' just in time for the birth of the royal baby - and say its gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price . 63 per cent of families are concerned about the spiraling costs .
reddit user passive-aggressively vents their frustration with the company policies as well as the lack of emopion shown during recent events . in the note , the reddit user repeatedly apologises for a number of unfortunate incidents - all of which seem to be out of their control . they apologise for the death of a step-mother , sickness and subsequent doctor 's appointments .
the unidentified woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a parking lot in loveland , colorado , police said in a news release . in the phone call , the dispatcher asked ' i do n't know . i 'm locked in a trunk ' . the woman told the dispatcher ' i went to get some dinner ... and someone came up to me and he had a gun ' .
dr sanjay gupta has abandoned his journalistic duties to scrub up and perform brain surgery on a 15-year-old girl . the neurosurgeon performed a craniotomy on the girl , sandhya chalise , after a wall of her family 's home fell on her as she collected water outside . sandhya , who lives in a more remote area of the country , only reached kathmandu 's bir hospital two days after the 7.8-magnitude quake .
the image was re-posted to twitter on sunday by an anti-isis activist in syria with the warning : ` this child will be risk to you not just to us ' . terror experts have revealed to daily mail australia the snapshot is a showcase of the groups supposed longevity . the image was believed to be posted by abu ward al-raqqawi in the hope of garnering attention to the international threat posed by isis .
susannah ross , 20 , told friends she was going trekking last week . but has not been heard from since friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in britain . many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well , still several dozen british travellers .
the horseshoe-shaped glass walkway in chongqing extends 87.5 ft from the edge of a cliff . it is the longest cantilever bridge in the world , beating arizona 's grand canyon skywalk by 16.4 ft . the park is limiting it to just 30 people at a time to ensure they have plenty of room to enjoy the view .
sophie wilson performed cpr on bradley parkes after she and a friend found him hanging from a tree near his home in willenhall , in coventry . the 16-year-old was taken to birmingham children 's hospital in a coma . his mother tiffany , 35 , revealed he had made a ` miracle ' recovery .
labour leader wants to bring in ` use it or lose it ' powers for councils . property analysts said the move would take britain back to the ` dark days of the seventies ' . announcement saw shares in housebuilders , including persimmon and taylor wimpey , fall by around 2 per cent before later recovering .
keith alexander has warned that the u.s. and her allies are at an ever growing risk of a systemic cyber-assault . ` the greatest risk is a catastrophic attack on the energy infrastructure . we are not prepared for that , ' he warned . the retired four-star general and former chief of the national security agency .
john suchet , now 71 , lost his wife bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia . he once said , was ` made in heaven ' . fans took to social networking site twitter to offer their condolences . suchet appeared to confirm he was in a new relationship with a woman called nula .
judith russell , whose daughter katherine married tamerlan tsarnaev , spoke at a court in the city today . her words came as jurors decide whether dzhokhar tsarnaev should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre . his defense team argued on monday he is a ` good boy ' and should be spared the death penalty for killing three people and injuring several hundred in the 2013 terrorist attacks .
bianca rinehart appeared in sydney court to give evidence in an ugly legal battle over the family 's finances . emails between 2004 and 2006 were tendered showing mr hancock told his sister ` fat would have quickly grown tired of supporting your shopping and leisure activities ' . the siblings are united in a bitter trust dispute against their mother , the richest person in australia .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , reportedly sent the explicit link to her drexel university students under the subject line ` great article on writing briefs ' on march 31 . she said she was ` mortified ' and ` in terrible shape ' when she found out what she had done . the legal writing professor writes that she was sure she had lost her ` dignity forever ' when news of the scandal first broke .
baywatch star jeremy jackson has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest with a knife in west lake , la. . the 34-year-old is accused of stabbing a man with a deadly weapon on friday - his relationship to the man is not clear . the victim told police the man was hobie - jackson played hobie buchannon on baywatch .
michael o'leary claims the budget airline will slash its fares by as much as 15 per cent over the next two years . it would be a $ 6 -lrb- # 4 -rrb- decrease from ryanair 's current average ticket price . he said the airline will pass the oil savings on to customers .
condemned bali nine member myuran sukumaran has requested to spend his last hours in church with his family . his final request comes as images from nusakambangan showed a haunting self-portrait painted by the artist shot through the heart . his brother , andrew chan , has pleaded with the indonesian president to call off the firing squad . he has also led the charge in the mercy campaign to save the pair 's lives .
pakistani man who fled his village due to fighting between security forces and militants in pakistan 's tribal area of bajur . the amusement parks have been erected on the outskirts of islamabad and rawalpindi , with swing rides and street food markets among the facilities catering to families .
john sims , who had burkitt 's lymphoma , died on saturday , with his new wife lindsey sims by his side . the pair married march 21 at the university of texas m.d. anderson cancer center after john , who was to turn 31 tomorrow , was told his cancer was terminal . after the wedding they set off on a cross-country road trip last week , hoping to make it to visit john 's friend dave in oregon .
nicholas pence , 25 , and his father david , 56 , were shot dead ` execution-style ' at home in new orleans , louisiana , on wednesday night . moments after jovially waving goodbye to the last-remaining revelers , they were both shot dead at close range in an attack that shocked the quiet community of metairie . they were found lifeless by david 's wife , nicholas 's mother , who had been in a bedroom when
princess leonore looked less than impressed with her trip to the vatican . but at just 14-months-old , the infant duchess of gotland would probably have preferred to be doing something else . cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother , princess madeleine , 32 , the little girl was instead whisked off to meet pope francis .
kazakhstan 's nursultan nazarbayev has won another five year term . the 74-year-old former steel worker has ruled the oil-producing nation since 1989 . international monitors have voiced their concern about the poll saying there was not a genuine choice of other candidates with most of his vocal opponents either being jailed or fled abroad .
joyce cox was just days away from celebrating her fifth birthday when she was strangled to death on her way home from school in cardiff on september 28 , 1939 . the schoolgirl had been walking with her older brother dennis , who was seven at the time , but she disappeared when he lost sight of her . her body was found dumped by a railway station but police have never caught her killer . terry phillips , 71 , who is joyce 's cousin ,
the ocean-going tug mv hamal was intercepted by the frigate hms somerset and border force cutter about 100 miles east of the aberdeenshire coast . french customs said it tipped off british authorities ` to board a tug 100 kilometres -lrb- 60 miles -rrb- east of scotland carrying a very large quantity of cocaine ' . nine men aged between 26 and 63 were detained for questioning by investigators from the national crime agency 's border policing command
vladimir bukovsky , 72 , has lived in the uk since he fled the soviet union in the 1970s . he was accused of spreading anti-soviet propaganda . came after he managed to smuggle 150 pages of documents detailing abuse of psychiatric institutions for political reasons in the communist state .
collin burns shaved 0.3 of a second off the record . the us national ` speedcubing ' champion was at an official rubik 's cube event in doylestown , pennsylvania . collin is focused on his cube , quickly spinning the rows of tiles round as the clock counts upward from zero .
kayla mooney , 24 , was charged on march 31 after a seven-week police investigation into a complaint she made about being harassed by the boy 's girlfriend to school officials . the boy involved with mooney told police about the sexual relationship they had off campus last year . mooney was placed on administrative leave in february and has not commented on the allegations .
canadian prostitute celine bisette , who uses this pseudonym whenever she is discussing her career , insists she is neither ` damaged ' nor ` deranged ' . she claims that she did n't have an abusive childhood , she 's not a ` hyper-sexual nympho ' , and she is n't uneducated .
st patrick 's parish in stephensville , wisconsin has discontinued its original pig rassle tournament after 44 years of the tradition . global conservation group , an animal advocacy group , launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs . it garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event .
paul gilbert mocked ed miliband and joked he hoped his ` off-piste ' comment would not ` find it 's way back ' to the labour leadership . he also blasted labour 's ` entirely unsatisfactory ' policy on tuition fees . mr miliband has faced repeated criticism and off-the-record briefing about his leadership among labour ranks .
nick clegg today continued his tour of 60 seats where the party is defending perilous majorities or hope to make gains . behind the scenes , senior party sources admit their current total of 57 mps will be slashed to ` in the thirties ' . instead of battling to win seats across the country , the party has highly targeted strategy , effectively fighting 60 by-elections .
matilda fitt played baby julia poldark in the bbc drama last night . she was born nine weeks early in barry , south wales , weighing just 2lb 12oz . matilda was chosen to play to julie , who in the show died from putrid throat .
fewer than one in five massachusetts residents want dzhokhar tsarnaev to be executed believing a quick death would be ` too easy an escape ' . last week prosecutors described the 21-year-old as ` america 's worst nightmare ' insisting he deserves to die for carrying out one of the bloodiest attacks on us soil since 9/11 .
patricia wilnecker , 81 , fell in love with lamorna cove in cornwall in 1948 . she eventually moved nearby and also wrote a book about it . but she has been told she is no longer welcome there by owner roy stevenson . he accused her of deliberately hitting his son daniel , 36 , during a stand-off . he said he banned her after accusing her of aggressively revving her engine .
bonnie suchet was described by her husband as ` the love of my life ' . she died on april 15 after a decade-long battle with dementia . last night suchet , 71 , declined to comment , saying it was a ` private family matter ' . he has thanked those on twitter who offered their condolences .
prime minister was giving a campaign speech in south london on saturday . he joked that everyone should back his team but then named west ham . it later emerged that the prime minister flew over the ground in a helicopter charted to get him back to london quickly after a day 's campaigning .
photographer jeffrey milstein has shot a fascinating project documenting black boxes , shedding light on what happens to the devices . despite the name , the boxes are usually red to help rescuers spot them among the wreckage of crashed planes and helicopters . the boxes , which record flight data and conversations between pilots , are incredibly important for discovering what led to a plane 's crash .
elizabeth dawes , 39 , was told she had breast cancer in july 2013 . doctors advised her she needed immediate surgery and chemotherapy . four days after the operation she was told staff had confused her medical notes with those of other patients and she 'd never had cancer . but four days later she was asked to attend an appointment with her consultant .
brady olson , who teaches advanced placement government and civics at the school , knocked the armed student to the ground and kept him pinned down until authorities arrived . he later told police he shot into the air because he did n't want to hurt anyone . the shooter is in custody at the lacey police station .
renee bergeron , 38 , photographs children with special needs as superheroes , dressing them up with capes , goggles , and wands in order to make them feel like they can do anything . the superhero project , avery , was born prematurely , has had multiple brain surgeries and has a feeding tube in her stomach .
a staggering 1.2 million either possess a secret credit card of hide purchases from their partner . one in ten cardholders , or an estimated 800,000 australians , also admit their credit card spending has lead to an argument with a partner . 17 per cent of gen y were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories .
flight tcx2515 was taxiing to the runway at the time , but was forced to return to its stand , where the man was removed by an armed officer . the man boarded the plane despite the drama on the bus , and he left passengers feeling nervous after causing more problems on board . passengers spent time in the red sea tourist resort of hurghada , egypt .
kim and khloe kardashian laid flowers at the dzidzernagapert armenian genocide monument 's eternal flame during their april 10 visit . the reality star said it was ` very disappointing ' that he stopped short of using the word - which he had promised to use when he ran for office .
charlotte briggs was told she can not attend lydgate junior school in sheffield . her mother lynne , 49 , claims taking her daughter to school would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job . mrs briggs is now planning to appeal the decision .
jo malone has joined 5,000 small business bosses praising tories . signatories said they ` would like to see david cameron and george osborne given the chance to finish what they have started ' . ms malone said she had sold her business to estee lauder in 2006 .
auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race that saw asubaru take to the water . the race also saw a couch strapped to a stack of tyres and a floating subaru car . the voluntary rescue unit , hibiscus rescue and north shore rescue lent a hand to the fishermen as alcohol appeared to be involved .
hundreds of bodies were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground , as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation . today , plumes of white , acrid smoke could be seen floating across kathmandu , as mourning families attempt to give their loved one the honourable send-off .
lord janner sent a ` thank you ' christmas card to detective after learning he would escape child sex abuse charges , it emerged yesterday . officer said he was appalled by the labour peer 's note after his superiors forced him to drop his inquiries into janner 's alleged sex abuse . janner was a pupil at the same legal chambers as janner -- although she claims she never met him .
jay z launched a stream of tweets defending his premium music streaming app tidal after the service , launched last month . his social media diatribe comes as reports claim that tidal is being sabotaged by rivals as it attempts to take business away from more-established music outlets . the rapper and businessman tweeted in a string of ` stream of consciousness ' messages .
up to 18 were killed and more than 60 injured when the 7.8-magnitude quake set off a huge avalanche on the world 's highest peak . photographer captured the dramatic moment it headed straight for the camp at 17,700 ft -lrb- 5,380 m -rrb- .
sergeant edwin mee , 46 , is said to have abused his position of power . the officer allegedly carried out the attacks on women from 15 to 2011 . alleged victims were often new to the country and unaware of their rights . mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration relating to 11 young cadets .
the stars of martin scorsese 's classic 1990 gangster film goodfellas reunited in new york on saturday night for a very special 25th anniversary screening of the movie . stars ray liotta , robert de niro , lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance although director joe pesci was filming in taiwan . the movie brought the 14th annual tribeca film festival to a close .
three-and-a-half-old black labrador baylie swapped sweet treats and processed dog food for a diet of free range raw meat , offal and bones . owners margaret and patrick evans say he 's now ' a different dog ' after losing a stone and a half in eight weeks through the doggy diet .
william shatner has revealed radical proposals in an interview with yahoo news . he wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from seattle down to california . but the proposal has been declared ` highly illogical ' by some experts . he likened his project to a similar pipeline in alaska .
kristopher hicks , now 27 , was on his way home from a night out in bath , somerset . his girlfriend michael young , 56 , mistakenly believed mr hicks was planning to ` do a runner ' and decided to drive him back to the rank . but when he objected , the driver continued on for almost a mile , leading him to jump from the vehicle while it was travelling at more than 20mph . he suffered devastating brain injuries , developed epilepsy and now requires round
the ashbrittle yew , in the churchyard of st john the baptist , in somerset , has a girth of 38ft and an enormous canopy . its central trunk is hollow with six smaller ones branching off - possible due to disease . locals fear it is on its way out due to wilting branches and falling leaves .
instagram users can post , explore other people 's photos and interact with captions using just emoji . emoji are popular in the instagram community , with nearly half of instagram captions already featuring the small pictures . users begin by selecting as many images , up to the maximum of nine , to feature in a collage .
burt , brandon and brody jenner and stepdaughter kim kardashian are hesitant to hear and watch just how much their 65-year-old patriarch will reveal about gender change . there is no denying that bruce 's six biological children and four stepkids are ` proud ' of the father figure as some called him their ` hero ' on twitter .
sydney electronic duo the presets , made up of julian hamilton and kim moyes , published a series of posts on its facebook page on saturday night and sunday morning . ` if you agree with murder , lack compassion and openly display those views on our page then yes , you are a total c *** and can f *** off , ' one post read . one of the posts told fans who disagreed with the band 's stance to ` unfollow us , delete all
dog molly had been on a walk with owner jane tipper and daughter hannah . the eight-year-old fell over the cliff 's edge along with the lamb . she survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope . ms tipper was unable to find her despite four hours of searching .
mary cowan , 92 , passed away in november last year but her will revealed she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school where famous faces such as sir chris hoy and rugby legend gavin hastings were taught . ms cowan never married and lived in edinburgh her whole adult life , retiring from her job at the college in 1981 .
the presence of blue origin , llc , the brainchild of amazon founder jeff bezos , barely registers in nearby van horn , a way station along interstate 10 . few visitors are allowed beyond the ` no trespassing ' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the air force 's renowned area 51 in nevada . spacex is frequently in the headlines thanks to its nearly $ 2 billion federal contract , and its attempts to reuse booster rockets have
lib dem leader corfe mullen in dorset said he would demand education spending be protected from cuts as the price of propping up another coalition . mr clegg said the first of what he dubbed his ` premier league policies ' is a # 5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms .
daniel williams , from toronto , filmed himself doing everything from sealing envelopes and sending emails to making cups and coffee . the 90-second video , titled ` boring office job gopro commercial , has clearly struck a chord with people working in similar jobs around the globe . this time , viewers are treated to the worker removing staples , photocopying , stuffing envelopes , drinking coffee and even going to the bathroom .
oscar ` papoo ' hernandez jr , 24 , said he was ` awed ' by the former new england patriots star when he sent him an assault rifle and a pair of handguns a month before odin lloyd 's killing . earlier this month , a 25-year-old was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of the semi-professional football player .
nearly 1000 bags of the depressant drug kava were seized from a vehicle where four children were sitting in the back seat . police found approximately 20 kilograms of kava divided into 862 small bags and a small quantity of cannabis . the man and woman were arrested and taken to katherine watch house .
karen newton , a teacher and former professional musician , had just finished playing at the kurri dawn service . she plucked her cornet from the car and began playing the bugle call once again , across the water to the isolated residents in a goosebump-inducing moment . the video has over 5,000 views on facebook , beautifully captures the dawn anzac day experience .
elena klimova , 26 , runs children 404 - an online support group for young people about coming out and dealing with discrimination . fought back by publishing the messages on vkontakte , the russian equivalent of facebook , under the title : ` beautiful people and the things they say to me ' .
clinton is laughing in the face of the accepted retirement age . she will not only be the country 's first female president but also the second oldest behind ronald reagan , ever to open the doors to the white house . clinton 's daughter chelsea gave birth to a daughter , charlotte , with husband marc mezvinsky in september last year .
sophia breaks down the issue for youngsters by explaining the baby-making process in a very cute way . the short film was created by the next family , an organisation that supports diverse families . sophia hopes that it may allow other children from same-sex parent families to understand how they were created .
lily grace was found buried on maroubra beach on november 30 , 2014 . locals filomena d'alessandro and bill green have claimed the infant 's body in order to provide her with a fitting farewell . since january the couple , who were married last year , have been trying to claim the baby after they heard police were going to give her a ` destitute burial ' .
jonathan keats , an experimental philosopher , hopes to capture 1,000 years of changes at a mountain range in massachusetts . the camera , which is made of cooper and allows light to enter through a tiny hole and change paint inside , will create one image that keats says will display centuries of changes to the environment .
south glasgow university hospital opened today with robots delivering linen , a children 's cinema and helicopter landing pad . ukip said the hospital had been funded with english taxpayers ' money ` shovelled ' to holyrood -- despite gaping holes in hospital funding . former head of the nhs sir david nicholson delivered a stark warning earlier this month over the black hole in hospital finances .
vanessa kennard was suspended in her absence by the nursing and midwifery council after failing to turn up at the hearing . she was one of three nurses charged with mistreating grant clarke , 45 , at a rehabilitation unit at sevenoaks hospital in kent . the father-of-three suffered a massive brain haemorrhage in may 2012 .
vincent lamouroux publicly unveiled the project , named ` projections ' in la 's trendy silver lake neighborhood . it instantly became a hit with passers-by who stopped to take photos . the seedy motel , which has been closed for years , was actually named the sunset pacific motel but got its nickname from its proximity to nearby bates avenue .
miranda ashley calvin , 19 , was arrested by gresham police on sunday afternoon after allegedly hitting a woman with her car and fleeing the scene . the woman calvin allegedly hit was 49-year-old jerrie ann horning . when police arrived at about 8.30 pm on saturday night , she was found dead . calvin was booked into multnomah county detention center on manslaughter , felony hit-and-run and reckless driving .
labour leader nicola sturgeon said the labour leader had allowed himself to be ` kicked around ' by the tories . she told evan davis that ed miliband had been ` bullied ' into ruling out a coalition deal between the snp and labour . she said westminster politicians were in danger of being ` insulting ' to scottish voters .
nikki reed and ian somerhalder tied the knot on sunday in a romantic ceremony in the santa monica mountains . nikki , 26 , wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by claire pettibone , while ian donned a white suit and shirt .
hundreds of survivalists and so-called ` preppers ' descended on the salt lake city , utah , suburb of sandy on friday for the nation 's first ever preppercon . during the two-day expo , they were shown specially-equipped underground bunkers , tried out solar powered flashlights - and even dressed up as zombies . they were also greeted by actors from the amc hit show ` the walking dead ' , including addy miller , who took pictures with
broga celebrates the physical over the spiritual , and strength over flexibility . experts say it sets men free to flex tight hamstrings without hearing invocations to hindu deities or . feeling inept next to a woman twisted like a pretzel . broga is aimed at broadcasting fitness , food and yoga classes directly to your home or office .
eva mozes kor , 81 , publicly embraced oskar groening in court last week . she called for the prosecutions of former ss officers to end . by doing so , she faced criticism from co-plaintiffs who suggested she should not have taken part in the trial in germany .
nicola sturgeon said labour leader would soon ` change his tune ' . scottish first minister said he would not agree to a ` confidence and supply ' deal with the snp . but he again refused to rule out relying on snp votes to pass key legislation . critics said that would mean a weak labour government having to negotiate day out with snp mps .
mark lawson , 44 , was in the diamond tap public house in newbury , berkshire . he agreed his co-worker simon myers could take some chips from his plate . however , when mr myers started eating an onion ring , lawson shouted at his victim and drove the knife into his thigh . lawson was spared jail at reading crown court today for the prosecution .
jordan almgren was stabbed in the neck and declared dead after his family drove him to brentwood 's john muir hospital . deputies put out an alert for schultz after they said he got away in a truck outside the home . the day before the stabbing , deputies had also been called to the home on a request for a psychological evaluation of schultz .
oleg naydenov was carrying 1,400 metric tons of fuel oil when it caught fire in las palmas port on april 11 . it was towed out to sea as a precaution and sank some 15 miles south of the island three days later . greenpeace has criticised the spanish authorities for towing the trawler out to open sea .
more than 45,000 people have signed a petition calling for a controversial weight loss advertisement to be pulled . the bright yellow advert for protein world has been put up in a number of london underground stations and features a model in a bikini with the question : ` are you beach body ready ? ' .
the dutch royals celebrated king willem-alexander 's 48th birthday . koningsdag , or king 's day , is a public holiday in the netherlands . today , it was the turn of dordrecht , a city in the south-west of the country .
amy-beth ellice , 17 , from essex started baking at the age of three . landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy 's baking year at just 14 . her second , all about entertaining , is now firmly in the works . plans to launch her own baking products and even become a tv chef .
pritesh , 36 and mansi gandhi , 35 , started trying for a baby ten years ago . but repeatedly lost the baby due to a medical condition . pritesh 's sister hiral shah , 32 , stepped in and offered to carry the couple 's baby . krish was so premature he died after a six-month fight for life .
hannah wilson 's body was found in rural brown county , about 10 miles from the campus on friday morning after a night out . daniel messel , 49 , was arrested hours later and has been charged in her death . circumstances of her disappearance are ` eerily similar ' to the case of 20-year-old spierer , police told fox59 , and they will be looking into the case again .
euan ritchie and jen martin 's crowdfunding page received a baffling pledge for over $ 2 billion . the couple launched the crowdfunding page in a bid to track the numbers of kangaroos in the area . in the last 200 years , australia has lost over 10 % of its native mammals .
mark hawkins , 49 , was holed up in a greyhound-style bus in salem , oregon . he was approached by police , who believed him to be wanted . seconds later , hawkins allegedly fired his weapon from the front of the vehicle . the bullet struck a police dog named baco in the head , prompting an exchange of gunfire between officers and hawkins .
george osborne claimed the ` one hour ' a week he had allowed himself off . he vowed to maintain tax relief on big tv productions which have encouraged the makers of poldark and other series to choose the uk . chancellor said the television show was a ` fantastic advert for britain ' .
researchers say 75 % of extreme hot weather is being driven by global warming as a result of man-made emissions . they warn that as climate change pushes global temperatures higher , humans will be responsible for 40 per cent of extreme rainfall events . the scientists claim it is the rarest and most destructive events that seem to be the most responsive to human influence .
tents crushed by snow , belongings strewn across the mountainside and a desperate scramble to find any injured victims . the avalanche started on mount kumori , a 23,000-foot-high mountain just a few miles from everest , and gathered strength . half an hour after the initial quake , another magnitude-6 aftershock hit , followed by smaller aftershocks across the region .
labour leader says he offers ` clear , credible and concrete plan on immigration ' . but hours before the key election speech was due to be delivered , his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration . andrew neil had pointed out labour had ` virtually opened the door ' to record migration .
dharahara tower in kathmandu , nepal , was damaged in saturday 's earthquake . it is unclear how many people were killed in the quake-hit city . one rescuer in nepal said those who were taking photographs were not ` understanding the tragedy ' . the tower has been photographed far more than other buildings destroyed by the natural disaster .
cia was seeking to destroy an al qaeda compound in pakistan when the two captives were killed , along with ahmed faruq , an american described as a leader of al-qaeda in the indian subcontinent . obama gave the spy agency a pass on providing proof that intended targets of drone strikes posed an imminent threat to the us . had the cia been subjected to the same stringent rules as other agencies , argues the article , the january drone strike that killed
tv presenter said her sister , debbie , had managed to contact the family to say she was safe after a 7.9-magnitude quake struck nepal on saturday . she said debbie had not yet reached everest base camp , where a deadly avalanche hit , because she was ill and had stopped off to recover .
paul and laura elliott decided to do something different for their wedding day and combined their love for each other by tying the knot at the london marathon . unfortunately paul , 41 , lost his father to bowel cancer 19 years ago and so by running this weekend 's marathon , the couple have raised # 7,000 so far to help honour his memory on this special day .
tyrone sevilla delivered the heart breaking message to immigration minister peter dutton 's office in brisbane on monday . the poster simply said : ` dear mr sutton , can i stay in australia please . tyrone . ' . it comes after the immigration department rejected the single mother 's visa application 28 days ago because tyrone 's autism would be a ` burden on the australian health system ' .
wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app handy to offer customers a cat fostering service . cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind will often be enough to scare away unwanted rodents . amazon is apparently offering a solution - by allowing you to rent a goat .
researchers photographed the voices of 42 women with an average age of 24 . they then asked a group of men to rate the women 's voices on attractiveness . those rated highly for looks often scored well for sound too . findings suggest women with attractive face also tend to have an attractive voice .
the storm started sunday evening in comanche county , texas and moved northeast towards the dallas/fort worth for the next several hours . more than five tornadoes were reported in the region , including a massive funnel cloud seen forming over stephenville . by 10:44 pm the tornado had moved to near covington - just 25 miles south of fort worth .
awkward photos of the new zealand pm pulling multiple young girls ' ponytails are being posted on social media . prime minister john key said sorry to waitress amanda bailey , 26 , after she wrote a post on a blog site shaming him for his behaviour . mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' .
cassandra fortin , 17 , was released from hospital on monday after spending five months undergoing chemotherapy to save her life . she was diagnosed with hodgkin 's lymphoma in september . as she was discharged , the teenager said she was ` happy ' to be heading back to her hartford home after 5 months .
lucy , 24 , is face of very.co.uk 's #cantwaitforsummer campaign . the reality tv star is every inch the beach babe as the face of another campaign . lucy , who describes her perfect summer as ` sun , tan and chilling ' , showcases ibiza-inspired summer brights and tropical print sun dresses .
the infants - some of whom were prematurely born - were evacuated from the country on monday following saturday 's devastating earthquake . several premature babies - and some wounded people - were ferried to an israeli military base on one of the country 's emergency rescue aircraft in the morning . later in the day , five more infants landed safely in tel aviv with their families .
dr xiao-ping zhai has been helping women conceive for decades . she has invited bbc cameras inside the zhai clinic to reveal the secrets of her success . dr zhai says she has used chinese medicine to help a thousand women become pregnant . the vitamins contain natural ingredients such goji berries , chinese yan and ginger .
isobel attwood , 16 , has not made contact with her family since leaving her home in winchester , hampshire , on saturday . police are appealing for help to find the schoolgirl who is described as white , 5ft 4ins tall , of a ` small build ' and has brown hair with extensions .
the olympic gold medalist confirmed to the world on friday that ` to all intents and purposes i am a woman , ' and said his third wife kris , like his previous two wives , knew about his desire to be female . on monday , close family friend kathie lee gifford said that kris did n't know bruce 's secret and she 's still ` trying to get her act together ' when it comes to dealing with the news .
the gel contains platelet-rich plasma -lrb- prp -rrb- - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing . it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient 's arm . blood is largely made up of a clear yellowish liquid , called plasma , but it also contains hundreds of proteins called growth factors that are important for healing .
dawn was appearing on the jeremy kyle show and accused long-term chum , convicted burglar jamie of making off with the cash . when one of mr kyle 's famous lie detector tests revealed that # 207 set aside for a # 500 grave stone had disappeared . dawn , who lives with dawn and her partner who is also called jamie , was initially met with a flat denial .
bruce jenner 's first wife chrystie has shared the emotional moment her ex-husband told her he wanted to be a woman and how she kept his secret for 43-years . ' i cant remember the exact words because it was such a shock to me , ' said the 63-year-old daughter of a mormon minister .
ian pettigrew , 46 , from ontario , canada , was working on his book of portraits , just breathe : adults with cystic fibrosis , when he realized he had far more female subjects . after someone noted that the collection of photos was ` turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with cf ' , he became inspired to start his second project , salty girls .
john goodwin , of atkinson , shot himself near his car on friday morning . he was airlifted to a hospital , where he died from his injuries . prosecutors said that goodwin repeatedly sexually assaulted an 11-year-old student from 2002 to 2005 . goodwin 's trial began monday .
keshwa chaca spans the apurimac river near huinchiri , peru , in the province of canas . it remains thanks to local villagers who rebuild the bridge each year using the same techniques as their inca ancestors . the last incas disappeared in the early 17th century and over the years their bridges followed .
the 73-year-old woman suffered severe bruising to her legs and ribs . her blue vauxhall corsa collided with railings on the petrol forecourt of the asda store in hulme , manchester . the man is described as being between 30 and 40 with a beard and wearing purple surf-style shorts .
craig lister , 54 , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer . starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body . has taken to carrying a spare shirt when he goes to meet clients . hormone therapy is the first treatment offered to men with advanced prostate cancer - where the cancer has spread beyond the prostate .
beatrice , 26 , was back on royal duties at maple hayes school of dyslexia . she was dressed in a teal frock and a tailored black jacket . the engagement is the second in less than four days for the princess . beatrice has long championed children 's educational causes .
loretta lynch was sworn in monday as the 83rd u.s. attorney general , becoming the first african-american woman to serve as the nation 's top law enforcement official . she said her confirmation as attorney general showed that ` we can do anything ' and pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the country . vice president joe biden administered the oath of office to lynch at a justice department ceremony on monday .
anzac day is a time to come together as one to salute our diggers who sacrificed and fought in gallipoli . many had shared some special moments with their families and friends at football matches or a trip to the pub for two-up . others seemed to think the day was more about how they looked than commemorating others .
deputy prime minister insists he will quit as leader if lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps . sources have suggested he will go if the party is left out of power after the election . but he insisted he would fight for his job ` in all circumstances ' . comes as vince cable said he hoped to be made chancellor if tories form another coalition with the conservatives .
the extra stretch of coastline on shiretoko peninsula near the town of rausu has risen as high as 50ft from the sea surface . geologists believe the emergence is a result of a landslide nearby , when melting ice and snow caused a section of land to drop . the new stretch of land came as a complete surprise to the locals , as there was no indication of the land movement overnight .
residents of new south wales are being warned to brace for more floods and damage with another storm predicted to hit this week . meteorologists say early indicators show an east coast low -- the same weather system that lashed the state 's east coast for three days last week . the state emergency service was deluged with calls for assistance last week and has more than 4,000 jobs from the 24,196 requests still to be completed .
james staring , a london-based fitness company , claims he has four simple tips which can help anyone achieve an enviable stomach area . from writing a food diary to doing short burst of tough exercise , he reveals the best ways to burn away belly fat ... avoid white bread and pasta and only eat carbohydrates after exercise .
rose mcgrath was dismissed from st joseph middle school in battle creek , michigan , for not meeting academic and attendance standards during leukemia treatments . the 7th-grader is in remission but still recovering from acute lymphoblastic leukemia treatments , which started in 2012 . the school wrote in a letter addressed to rose 's father that officials worked with her but absences ` hampered her academic performance ' .
victoria beckham and his wife victoria both voted the most stylish brit of all time , according to the poll . great audrey hepburn beat stiff competition from members of the royal family and the beckhams to be voted top brits . dessy collection strapless crepe dress in dove grey at nordstrom .
viewers have taken to twitter to complain of ` withdrawal symptoms ' . poldark ended last night on a cliff-hanger with the main man hauled off to jail . others complained of having their monday morning blues made worse . fans say they have nothing to look forward to now the show is over .
christopher nathan may , 50 , is accused of killing tracey woodford , 47 . her body was discovered at a flat in pontypridd , south wales on friday . may , wearing a grey jumper and glasses , was remanded in custody . he will appear at cardiff crown court tomorrow for a plea hearing .
tim ward and his wife of 38 years , brandy , were at home in oso , washington , on march 22 , 2014 , when tons of debris , soil and rock came crashing down from upland . tim , who broke his pelvis , was buried under 25 feet of mud , but managed to call for help through a gap in the surface . just a week later , as tim started trying to rebuild his life , he was informed he did not have ` landslide insurance ' - and therefore
the mark one hyundai i20 was named the second most uncomfortable car . the original version of the nissan note is named the most uncomfortable . toyota auris mk2 , touran mk1 and the polo mk5 were the top ten . the passat mk7 -lrb- 82.79 per cent -rrb- was the most popular .
some smartphones on sale today come with built-in fm chips . nearly two thirds of smartphones do n't have the feature activated . norway has announced it will be the first country in the world to switch off its fm transmitters on january 11 2017 . with the ever expanding number of digital radio services , it seems likely other countries will follow norway 's example .
andrew chan has married his fiance febyanti herewila . the pair wed inside the chapel at besi prison on nusakambangan island . this comes just months after the bali nine ringleader proposed to his girlfriend while he was still at kerobokan prison in february .
ashley arenson said boyfriend dan fredinburg , 33 , had a way of making people around him feel special and urged them to accomplish everything they wanted . he was one of the four american citizens to die at mount everest during the deadly avalanche on saturday . arenson posted an image of fridenburg wearing a white t-shirt on instagram .
kim richards was arrested at the swank beverly hills hotel on april 16 after a heated exchange with the maître d' . the 50-year-old recovering alcoholic admitted to dr phil mcgraw that she had a glass of vodka at her daughter 's house . the night ended with police officers dragging the kicking and screaming reality star out of a bathroom cubicle when she refused to come out .
lydia bright met labour leader ed miliband as part of the ` useyourvoice ' campaign . the reality tv star said mr miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of political leaders in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid ' . bright said she teased the labour leader over his unlikely sex symbol status .
the st ivan rilski church is the only remaining evidence of the community of zapalnya , bulgaria . residents lived until they were forced to leave their homes to make way for a dam built by the communist regime . located about 175 miles east of the capital , the ruins and the reservoir itself have become a popular destination for photographers .
jennifer is a huge fitness fan , and the mother of two has completed triathlons . she avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours ' sleep a night . she claims ` sometimes when i get home and i 'm not feeling so great , i make myself go to the gym ' .
palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ` platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics . these features are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . the animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the group of dinosaurs - which includes the famous meat eaters velociraptor , carnotaurus and tyrannosaurus .
german engineers describe the eossc2 as an ` ultra flexible micro-car for mega cities ' . concept car can turn on the spot , shrink in size and even move sideways . it pivots using wheels powered by separate motors and shrinks from 8ft to 5ft ft ft -lrb- 1.5 metres -rrb- . it is designed to connect to others to form a train and can be used as a crab .
a 22-year-old man jumped from the 10th floor and landed in the shallow end of the pool on the second level . guests heard a disturbance between a man and a woman , who were visiting the city from the us naval ship uss carl vinson . the man sustained a broken leg and internal injuries . he has been taken to royal perth hospital with non-life threatening injuries .
rhiannon wilkinson , head of wycombe abbey in buckinghamshire , reportedly said a ` boy free ' environment stops girls from being held back by the opposite sex . she also suggested that single-sex boarding schools give pupils relief and protection from the ` highly sexualised world ' .
nigel farage said his party is now the ` serious challenger ' to labour . he accused the party of making claims ukip is racist because it is ` running scared ' . he said traditional labour voters also want to send a message to miliband , ` you do n't represent us anymore ' .
brett allen marihugh of livonia , michigan , died sunday after he and 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis were found unresponsive at the bottom of a swimming pool . lloyd says both sailors were members of naval special warfare group 2 .
george w. bush suggested that obama 's plan to lift sanctions on iran was not plausible - and comes too early . he noted that the country 's government and president hassan rouhani appear to be caving in . he said that the comprehensive nuclear deal would likely have a negative impact on us national security in the future .
gary lowndes purchased the egyptian-themed mansion in 2013 for $ 2 million and had planned to film a reality show about strippers on the property . his company , pink tati llc , was given seven days to prove the property is in compliance and he was warned he will be fined $ 1,000 a day if further commercial functions takes place .
isa richardson , 46 , made 12-year-old hand over her last 15p in maidstone . the schoolgirl told police she felt intimidated by the beggar and believed she had no choice but to hand over the money . she admitted her latest offence when she appeared before magistrates .
the 41-year-old model and television personality also premiered a new short hairdo at the daytime emmy awards in burbank , california . matt lauer received plenty of thanks during the two-hour broadcast on the pop basic cable network after a comedy bit featuring pasties and black stockings .
john lord , 86 , went missing from his home on april 6 less than a week after his wife june , 81 , died from a ` catastrophic bleed ' to the brain . his family believe he may have killed himself at the picturesque beauty spot where the devoted couple enjoyed going for a walk .
karen bell , 42 , met the man on the dating website and the pair exchanged flirty texts before meeting up to act out their fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers . she later increased the demands , claiming her son had secretly filmed their tryst and the footage was ready to publish until she received # 55 . bell has now been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail .
sky launched its buy and keep scheme for customers this time last year . but it has now opened the service to everyone in the uk and ireland . it lets people stream movies straight to their tv , or to their mobiles . films can also be watched across multiple devices using a ` follow me ' function .
russian biker gang camped out on the polish border after being banned from entering the country for a world war ii memorial ride . polish authorities said last week they would ban entry to the night wolves . group vowed to enter anyway and 15 were seen monday morning at the border crossing between brest , belarus , and terespol , poland .
pat senior , 66 , has shared her five-bedroom home in bolton , greater manchester , with the animals , taking in dogs from as far afield as romania and hungary . she estimates that she spends # 240 a week on food and treats for the dogs , with veterinary bills adding another # 17,000 to the yearly cost of caring for the pets . mrs senior also adopts dogs from her local dog pounds and at one stage had 26 dogs living under her roof .
betheny coyne , from wigan , lancashire , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday . but she defied medical predictions and now , aged 24 , she is mother to three healthy children . this is despite being warned that each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die .
sbs journalist scott mcintyre was fired on sunday over his tweets which called anzac day ` the cultification of an imperialist invasion ' . the senior writer for the australian financial review has labelled anzacs ` racist yobs ' . on friday , mr winestock said of the memorial : ` in next 30 years there will be no wars and in 50 years no soldiers around to honour ' .
kieran murray , from brisbane in queensland , recently spent months travelling across the us . from a homeless man who was insistent upon telling his story about britney spears , to a man who insisted murray was saying ` get out of my nightgown ' . this is the latest in a series of videos murray put together one of which asks people to guess what common australian expressions mean .
toxicology results released monday show linden , new jersey police officer pedro abad 's blood alcohol content was 0.24 ; the legal limit in new york is 0.08 . chief assistant district attorney daniel master would n't comment on possible charges against the officer stemming from the march 20 crash . authorities say abad crashed head-on into a tractor-trailer after leaving a staten island strip club .
temperatures are set to be average for april , with showers on the way . sleet and snow are forecast for today and tomorrow from pennines northwards , and there were small accumulations yesterday in the cairngorms . met office has a severe yellow ` be aware ' ice warning for north-east scotland , warning motorists of a disruption risk until 7am today .
leaks from the investigation into shamed newsman brian williams were given to the press to pressure him into resignation , a report claims . news broke this weekend that the nbc star found he lied about being on board a us military chopper which was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade . the report is designed to make the disgraced anchor negotiate an exit from his network , according to media executives .
tamara rocks was performing at chicago bar , cigars and stripes , when she stumbled on the creepy looking glass . despite public outrage the bar 's owner told website jezebel he has no plans to get rid of it - even insisting that the mirror has brought his staff ` joy ' .
colin pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls . he strangled 15-year-old lynda mann to death after raping her . three years later he raped and killed dawn ashworth , also 15 , less than a mile from where he murdered lynda . he received a 30-year minimum sentence which was then cut to 28 years in 2009 .
mitchell keenan , 32 , was diagnosed with frostbite six weeks ago . his sister discovered his blackened toes and rushed him to hospital . they were so badly diseased they could not be saved and they had to be amputated . mr keenan 's father was also diagnosed with severe health problems .
prince harry will tonight fly out of the uk to australia without seeing his new niece or nephew . with the duchess of cambridge now overdue for the birth of her second child , the prince will not be able to meet the new royal baby until he returns to this country in mid may . harry had returned briefly to hand out prizes at the london marathon after undertaking several engagements in turkey to mark the centenary of the gallipoli campaign .
vesta trek is the second most massive body in the asteroid belt after the dwarf planet ceres - which dawn has now travelled to . it completes a rotation every five hours and 18 minutes , with a temperature ranging from -3 °c to -188 °c -lrb-306 °f -rrb- . some meteorites on earth have been found to originate from places like vesta . you can draw lines on the surface to see elevation levels , place a pin to see how the angle
eben kaneshiro , 35 , was arrested last week and charged with three counts of first-degree sodomy and sexual abuse involving a boy under the age of 12 . new breed jiu-jitsu , the portland martial arts gym , is now closed . there have been 11 suicide attempts at the jail in the last year .
officers in welshpool and llandrindod wells have been accused of being too lax when it comes to giving out parking tickets . the investigation was carried out by officials from powys county council . officials often did not penalise tradesmen for parking in restricted areas . even when tickets were issued , 39 per cent were cancelled at the first challenge .
mr zhang was travelling on his three-wheeled motorbike in dezhou city . he was hit by a car at a busy junction and thrown off his bike . villagers from shoma ying said his younger brother had been on the same junction last august , when a collision with a lorry killed him instantly .
melbourne radio broadcaster john burns has been revealed as the media personality alleged to have vilified richmond 's bachar houli . burns , who hosts 3aw morning show ross and john with ross stevenson , said he does n't recall making the comment . mr burns spoke to 3aw 's tom elliott on monday afternoon .
ofqual found that one in five reported that colleagues had written sections of coursework , dictated essays or provided examples for students to copy . details of the unethical techniques emerged at a teacher ethics in assessment symposium at oxford university . 15 per cent said staff had given ` hints ' or ` pointers ' while invigilating exams .
samantha armytage has come under fire for a comment made during a sunrise broadcast last month . the 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the uk , lucy and maria aylmer , who have become a sensation due to their opposite skin tones .
the # 2,000 designer tote bag , hand-made in japan , was a 50th birthday gift for hampstead woman , sabine smouha , from her husband jeremy . when it arrived in britain in 2013 , customs officers confiscated it because nile crocodiles are a protected species and it did n't have the right documentation . judge anne redston said she was ` very sad to lose her birthday present ' .
archaeologists have uncovered a ritual burial of 2,000-year-old human skulls - sparking the theory they could be the remains of boudicca 's rebels . when about 20 skulls were found buried in clusters in the sediment of the historic tributary in 2013 it had been thought they had got there down stream after being eroded out of a roman cemetery to the north . but new evidence suggests otherwise , as the london crossrail excavations continue .
nba star kevin love dislocated his left shoulder during the first half in game four of the nba playoffs against the boston celtics . love then grabbed his arm and kept running toward the cleveland bench before going to the locker room . boston coach brad stevens did n't think olynyk hurt love on purpose .
naunihal singh , 54 , woke up his daughter-in-law 's father and slashed him . ujjal 's son yawinder-pal ` monty ' , 37 , of ` firing blanks ' , jailed for at least 17 years . naunal and his wife jaswant were paying a visit to monty , and their daughter balvinder , 42 .
more than 1 million hedgehogs living in britain today , an estimated 30 per cent drop since 2013 . one in five people have never seen a hedgehog in their gardens , according to a new wildlife survey . part of the reason is the widespread loss of the traditional hedgerows that used to line every country road .
australian border collies were caught on camera performing a balancing act . using a human as their base , pooches ace and holly stood up high on their hind legs , with their front paws up . aoki puts his legs in the air - and 28-month-old holly hops on . once holly is up , aoki stretches his hands up toward the sky .
the mark 1 version of reginald mitchell 's famous design was among the first built in 1940 but spitfire p9374 never made it to the battle of britain . it was being piloted by flying officer peter cazenove over dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a german dornier bomber . in 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave .
alton hines was waiting for his fiancé , 33-year-old leah o'brien at her home on the night of saturday , april 25 . he told wsbtv that he had just finished putting on a blazer and a bow tie waiting for her to return , he said . hines is in a medically-induced coma .
the national trust has replaced antique furniture with beanbags in the library of ickworth house , suffolk . the move was designed to encourage visitors to ` dwell and take in the atmosphere ' in the room but it provoked fury from heritage expects . similar experiments will take place at nine other venues around the country .
cody knecht , of st. tammany fire district in louisiana , was sent out to rescue the baby mallards after residents reported seeing them fall down the drain . in the minute-long video the firefighter is seen holding a pole with his phone attached to it into the waterway as the realistic duck noise brings them to within his grasp .
cnnmoney reported that the move marks chipotle as the first gmo-free national fast food chain . the company has 68 total ingredients and another company 's burrito features upwards of 80 . rice , meat marinades , chips , salsa , and tortillas will not be made with gmos .
selena dicker , 38 , ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through base camp . she was at the same camp on april 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group . miss dicker had been trying to raise # 45,000 for operation smile , which provides surgery for children with the condition .
brenda finn , 30 , became depressed after her body hair and fingernails fell out . she was left suffering crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school . but after her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on , she says she is finally able to face the world with more confidence . she says having the procedure earlier would have made a huge difference to her life .
the map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side . regions with fewer galaxies are shown in white or red . the lighter blue and white areas on the map represent greater concentrations of galaxies . the red area is the supercluster called the shapley concentration , the largest collection of galaxies in the nearby universe .
scientists believe the hats , or ` pukao ' , were rolled up ramps to reach the top of the figures which measure up to 40ft -lrb- 12 metres -rrb- tall . despite the size of the statues , sean hixon an undergraduate student at the university of oregon believes the rolling of the stones would have been relatively easy .
lib dem stephen gilbert was bitten by a dog while campaigning for re-election in cornwall . he joked that the dog had ` unresolved anger issues ' after posting a photograph online of his bloodied hand . lib dem insiders today admitted the party is on course to lose at least 20 mps on may 7 .
ruth bader ginsburg has already made up her mind about gay marriage . the famously liberal justice will be part of a decision which begins tomorrow on whether states are allowed to ban same-sex unions and refuse to recognize those made in other states . she has been unusually open about her opinions ahead of the cases .
madelyn yensen , 94 , of salt lake city , died just after 4pm before her husband passed away at 9.30 pm . just after her mother died , carol bradford went to see her 95-year-old father at a care center and told him the news . shortly after her visit on april 7 , her father died of heart failure .
elle macpherson turned 51 last month . she carries around a ph balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body . the body 's ph value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is , and many nutritionists say that having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness and disease .
condemned bali nine drug smuggler myuran sukumaran has pledged to stare down the indonesian firing squad who will drag him to a jungle clearing and kill him . ` myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down , ' mr quilty told radio 2gb . the duo selected the spiritual advisers who will accompany them to their execution .
jemma gawned was one of the housemates on the first australian series of big brother in 2001 . the 40-year-old now runs a wildly successful raw food empire called naked treaties . based in byron bay the naked treaties brand sells products out of its juice bar while supplying to hundreds of other stores .
pippen , 20 , was arrested at the same place on april 10 for public intoxication after getting into a fight with the hotel 's security . the sheraton is a short walk from the campus of the university of iowa , where the undergraduate student lives in residence halls and attends classes . she was ` wearing two bar wristbands ' even though she is underage , according to a criminal complaint .
david curry , 49 , travelled ten miles from home to visit wallow in blyth . he was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms . but when the family arrived mr curry was wearing a pair of # 40 adidas trousers . pub chain has apologised and said no-tracksuit policy has been in place since 2013 .
a photojournalist was allegedly beaten by police saturday night as he covered protests in baltimore , maryland . j.m. giordano , who works at the city paper , says he was standing in front of a police line when they suddenly started marching and he could n't get out of the way fast enough . the 41-year-old photographer says the incident happened around 12.30 am when someone threw a rock and hit an officer 's shield .
sir frank kitson is accused in the case of patrick eugene heenan , a catholic killed by loyalists in 1973 . it is the first time a retired senior officer has been personally sued over the troubles . sir frank said he was confused as to why he was being named because he was not even serving in northern ireland at the time .
climate experts have compared ancient nights out to modern drinking spots such as magaluf . mark bellis , honorary professor of public health at bangor university , is giving a talk at a conference in las vegas this week . he will examine how distant ancestors balanced freedom with responsiblity in regulating nightlife .
waze app allows users to tag locations of parked police vehicles , accidents , congestion , traffic cameras , potholes and more . other drivers using waze are warned as they approach the same location . concerns google 's waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations .
sharon smith , 43 , from halesowen , west midlands , was a bulky size 26 . went on the business trip in december 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat . today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race .
researchers from national chung hsing university in taiwan have found that its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins . they converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the l complex using gene silencing . conversion of lips into sepal/petal-like structures in oncidium and phalaenopsis orchids is shown in a single column at the centre . lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them
poppy smart was wolf-whistled at by builders on her walk to work . but as the whistles and accompanying sexist comments turned into a daily ritual , she began to get upset . finally , after a month of unwanted attention from the men on the building site , the marketing co-ordinator decided she 'd had enough . she also contacted one of the construction companies working at the site to complain of sexual harassment .
greystone park psychiatric center , in new jersey , was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients , but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 people . it has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray , now known for its crumbling walls , flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings . preservationists are arguing that it should not be bulldozed and should instead be converted into a museum and housing .
research by wildlife charity the wwf identified 11 ` deforestation fronts ' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur . by 2030 up to 170 million hectares -lrb- 420 million acres -rrb- of forest - equivalent to the combined size of germany , france , spain and portugal - could be lost in just 11 hotspots . the areas are the amazon , the atlantic forest and gran chaco , and the cerrado in
the 511 elephant tusks were seized upon arrival saturday at a major port in chonburi province in eastern thailand . the ivory , hidden among tea leaves , was shipped out of kenya on march 24 and went through ports in sri lanka , malaysia and singapore . the bust came after customs officials received a tip-off in laos and thailand and tracked the containers .
nicola bonn , 34 , from london , started a blog called upfront mama detailing the trials and tribulations of raising her little girl poppy . she wanted to share all the things that she had learnt so that fellow mothers would n't feel as ` clueless ' as she did . she admits that since becoming a mother , she 's decided that it has to stop .
rifaat al-assad , 77 , went into exile in europe after staging a failed coup against his brother hafez al assad , who was syria 's president at the time . he has since spent more than 30 years living a life of luxury moving between homes in paris , london and the southern spanish city of marbella .
lt tim albin , of the tulsa county sheriff 's office in oklahoma , quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer robert bates . bates , who was a volunteer deputy , shot dead eric harris , 44 , after he was tackled to the ground . video of the killing shows bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident , and apologizing . other deputies in the department had expressed concern about his fitness to serve , but were
jeremy clarkson and his top gear colleagues had been on the brink of a lucrative new contract when the star punched the show 's producer . may says he had ordered the last ever ferrari 458 speciale - in bright orange - while the ` draft version ' of the lucrative contract was sitting on his desk . but the offer was taken off the table , which was taken away .
the 41-year-old wore a pair of skyscraper heels to cheer on her son romeo , 12 , in the children 's marathon earlier today . she accessorised her skinny jeans , leather jacket and ` team r ' t-shirt with alaïa boots , which retail at approximately # 1,500 .
stana katic and business consultant kris brkljac spotted at the 2012 elton john academy awards viewing party in la in february 2012 . the walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the castle star 's 37th birthday . the couple married ` in a private family monastery on the dalmatian coast , ' the actress 's rep told people .
ellen gallant , a cardiologist from utah , was attempting to climb the world 's tallest mountain when the earthquake struck . four us citizens who were on mount everest are confirmed to have died along with 15 other climbers and sherpas . there are believed to be up to 100 americans still missing following the disaster on saturday .
home office was warned that lord janner was abusing young boys two decades ago but did nothing about it . instead the paperwork was shelved by officials until it was discovered in 2013 and belatedly passed to leicestershire police . revelation will heighten fears that the peer , now 86 , was the beneficiary of an establishment cover-up .
two-year-old landen martin ran behind the car as his uncle was attempting to back out of the driveway of a gainesville , georgia home on sunday at 12.25 pm . joshua saunders , 19 , was arrested on charges including dui , reckless driving , leaving the scene of an accident and vehicular homicide . officials said martin was driving while under the influence .
about 300 people gathered at the blues point reserve on sydney 's north shore donning signs and candles on monday night . brisbane , melbourne and perth also saw hoards of people congregate to show solidarity for the condemned duo . the two men are set to be executed just after the stroke midnight on wednesday -lrb- 3am aest -rrb- .
yves van de ven , 37 , posted a picture online of him ` missing ' the top of the eiffel tower and asked users to help improve his photo . on a recent trip to paris , the belgian food blogger enjoyed poking fun at those tourist clichés and took a couple of pictures deliberately missing some of the more famous monuments .
texas a&m professor irwin horwitz emailed his strategic management class of about 30 students telling them he was going to fail all of them . he claimed that every single student in the approximately 30-person class would fail because of the behavior he had witnessed during the semester . horwitz said that the failing grades horwitz 's wishes to give out will not hold .
christianne shepherd , seven , and her brother robert , six , died from carbon monoxide poisoning during a holiday in corfu in october 2006 . their father neil shepherd and partner ruth beatson fell into a coma and were close to death when they were found the next morning . coroner david hinchliff recorded a verdict of accidental death .
brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message ` i 'm sorry ' followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses was splashed across the city 's clear blue sky on monday afternoon . the aerial apology hovered above the cbd at about 1pm , prompting several people to jump onto social media to voice their theories about who had done what . one desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in a bid to seek forgiveness .
virginia trimble ritter 's daughter , marcia , was raped and choked to death by jerome sydney barrett in 1975 . marcia 's body was found 33 days after she disappeared and her then-husband advised her against seeing the body and the crime scene photos . ritter says she wants revenge .
derek murray , a university of alberta law student , found more than just the note that cold november day in edmonton . he also found an extension cord and battery charger left by the stranger to bring his dead acura back to life . murray 's life-affirming tale has now gone viral .
` insta-fame ' is the latest criterion for models wanting to book jobs , according to leading australian modelling agencies . general manager of vivien 's models catherine mcgill told daily mail australia that they launched an ` influencers ' section two months ago because of the growing need to accommodate client demand . chic management also started a ` blogger ' management division two years ago .
a harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time . it reveals how taste buds have different cells that are used to differentiate between the five basic groups of flavours . the research was conducted by an international team that included the australian national university -lrb- anu -rrb- and the harvard medical school .
nicola sturgeon said she would call the shots in the event of a hung parliament . but she said she is not even standing for election to the commons . the snp have enjoyed a surge in popularity since september 's referendum . 55 per cent of people voting stay in the uk , with labour down two points .
lu xincai , 84 , says he is scared his mother will get lost if he leaves her at home by herself because she suffers from the degenerative disease . he ties a sash around both of their waists to ensure she does n't fall off . mr lu 's father passed away earlier this year , he decided to take his mother with him to work because there was no one else who could look after her .
marie teresa ratcliffe refused to defend herself against 77 misconduct charges . panel told she accepts 77 allegations relating to her care and treatment of 14 patients at the scandal-hit furness general hospital in cumbria between february 2004 and september 2013 . she also declined to send a lawyer in her place .
michael churton from new york was with four colleagues at the base camp , 17,500 ft above sea level , when he was knocked down by the tsunami of snow . the 38-year-old believes that the force of the earthquake shook loose a big ice shelf , which careered down the mountainside towards him and a group of people he was with . he described how he was pummeled with snow and ice for a minute and almost buried alive .
taya kyle told abc 's robin roberts she gathered her son , colton and daughter , mckenna and prepared to tell them their father had been killed . kyle has given an interview to 20/20s about her life since eddie ray routh was found guilty of killing her husband , american sniper , chris kyle .
keri davies said having a divan to hand is vital to make post-coital conversations sound convincing . he said parties in the fictional ambridge are limited to nine attendees because of budgetary considerations . actor charles collingwood also defended the show 's editor sean o'connor .
leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway at 3am . he was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off , crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence . greene is also being booked for property damage and driving onto the loading area of an airport .
ronald jebson , who was responsible for the ` babes in the woods ' murders , died of kidney failure almost a fortnight ago . he was responsible . for his death to be secret and victims ' families only found out after . journalists told them 11 days after he died . jebsman 's final wish was for death to secret .
jef rouner said his five-year-old daughter was forced to cover up with jeans and a t-shirt when she was told that the spaghetti straps of her ` full-length ' dress were ` against the rules ' . jef said he finds it ` weird ' that school dress codes tend to offer more restrictions for girls than boys .
andrew silicani , 23 , of cheyenne , wyoming , pleaded guilty on monday to four counts of using the mail in his unsuccessful plan to hire a hit man to kill his mother and stepfather . he faces up to 40 years at sentencing this summer . ' i think it 's fair to say you 'll be looking at some time in custody , ' said u.s. district judge nancy freudenthal .
the driver and vehicle licensing agency -lrb- dvla -rrb- is scrapping the paper counterpart that accompanies all uk plastic photocard licences . information about penalty points for traffic violations such as speeding will be held only on the database . but motoring groups fear the switch to a fully online system will make it more difficult for car hire firms which want to check a motorist 's details .
guo kai and girlfriend dong hui turned 22 on monday . but dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer last month . the couple had planned to tie the knot this month , but had to make do with the photos for now . dong had to stay lying down the whole time due to her condition , which causes severe pain and can lead to joint dysfunction .
john kerry and iranian foreign minister mohammad javad zarif met monday for the first time since world powers and iran sealed a framework agreement on april 2 that would limit iran 's ability to build a nuclear weapon . they now have little more than two months to meet their own deadline of june 30 to sign a comprehensive accord . the obama administration moved on two fronts today to advance its nuclear diplomacy with iran , with talks between top u.s
mark lowe , 32 , from skelmersdale , lancashire , is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother wayne to death . wayne , 33 , tried to stab him during a drink-fuelled day of fighting at his mum 's house on september 7 last year . mark 's wife sarah is now looking after three young children alone .
tony toutouni has amassed a huge following on the photo-sharing site . the 42-year-old entrepreneur admits ` it 's not that hard to get any girl you want ' . his outrageous posts are threatening to steal him the king of instagram crown from his friend and fellow super-rich playboy dan bilzerian .
chandni nigam , 19 , spent six years battling demons which spawned from an obsession to do well at school . the teenager , who had been a volunteer at the london olympics in 2012 , was also worried about her appearance . she had first told her parents she was feeling suicidal in 2013 and had even said she would stand in front of a fast train on a tuesday to take her life .
spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 . staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists in favour of today 's chart toppers . spotify and its rivals in the streaming music world are working hard to understand the tastes of their listeners .
miriam gonzántez , wife of the deputy prime minister and mother of three boys , wore a colourful ensemble to a fashion show and award gala in central london tonight . her bright pink , long-sleeved dress was covered in bright blooms at the ldny fashion show .
former adelaide doctor tareq kamleh featured in the latest isis propaganda video at the weekend wearing western-style surgical scrubs and handling babies in a maternity ward . he urged people to join the death cult notorious for beheading non-muslims . the medical board of australia can deregister doctors convicted of crimes and can take action against those whose conduct goes against being a ` fit and proper person ' .
many of the residents of santa barbara d'oeste and neighboring americana in brazil 's southeastern sao paulo state , having confederate ancestry . thousands turn out every year including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who enticed by the brazilian government 's offers of land grants .
lynn , from chippenham , had to stop taking medication that enables her to move without pain as she suffers from a painful and crippling condition callled hip displasia . the condition means the ball and socket joint of her hip has not formed properly , which causes pain when she moves . she also needs to take painkillers to give her some respite from the daily discomfort .
sean jefferson , 45 , and elizabeth jowitt , 37 , covered their home in york with wreaths , lanterns , memorial slates and homemade toys . some of the touching items were from the gravestone of a grandmother who fought a courageous battle against cancer . the couple escaped a prison sentence but were given a 47-week curfew and a restraining order banning them from cemeteries in the york area indefinitely .
victoria hiley has teamed up with london-based ice-creamery the licktators . royal baby gaga ice cream is made with donated breast milk . the 30-year-old said she wanted to remind the duchess of cambridge of the benefits of breastfeeding . all profits are to be donated to a breastfeeding charity .
judge mary stacey admitted the victim had been ` scarred psychologically ' . the 24-year-old teacher was left traumatised by the ordeal . sweet broke into the victim 's home and took items including car keys and a mobile phone before making his way upstairs . she then rolled down her duvet and touched the defendant sexually , saying ` you 're not going to make any noise are you ? ' .
ian rogers , 36 , became hooked on all things paranormal as a child . he took part in his first ghost hunt in the year 2000 . since then he has spent hundreds of pounds on the creepy collection . ian says that he always goes to jayne for the dolls because that way he can be sure of their authenticity .
malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down over rebel-held territory in eastern ukraine on july 17 , and all 298 aboard were killed . germany failed to pass on the warning two days before the crash , local media reported . dutch government said there was general agreement on this course of action .
dan fredinburg was one of four americans killed when a massive earthquake struck nepal on saturday , causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp . the 33-year-old , who was with three colleagues , was given the letters by his girlfriend ashley arenson just before he set off on the expedition . it is n't known whether he got a chance to read them until he reached the summit .
in march , nasa captured a 17 miles -lrb- 27km -rrb- long iceberg being born in the west antarctica 's getz ice shelf . the new berg is still smaller , however , than the much older b-15t - a fragment that initially broke off from the ross ice shelf in march 2000 . by february 28 , it appears to have separated somewhat .
kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales where cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful . but he then made dozens of illegal alterations , including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles , crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling . he also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the grade ii-listed house 's timber windows with modern ones .
ed miliband used a speech in stockton-on-tees today to promise there is ` nothing more british than the dream of home-ownership ' . he said he would introduce rent controls if it won the election and ban private landlords from raising rents by more than the rate of inflation for the duration of new three-year contracts .
the new england patriots ' coach was caught on camera ogling model chrissy teigen 's derriere at the white house correspondents ' dinner on saturday . holliday , who 's dated belichick since 2006 , wrote on instragram along with the controversial shot from saturday 's soiree . teigen gave her husband a tongue-in-cheek response to his feigned outrage .
the woman , a single mother who reportedly works at the philadelphia international airport , is now facing four counts of endangering the welfare of a child . firefighters rescued the woman 's three daughters and a son , ages 9 to 13 , at around 1.30 pm sunday after one of the children used an emergency-only cellphone to call 911 . first responders had to break through a second-floor window to enter the locked home in the 1900 block of east atlantic street in the kens
queen letizia comforted the grieving families of some of the spaniards who died in the crash in the french alps last month . the flight , which was en-route from barcelona to dusseldorf , had 144 passengers and six crew members on board , including 50 spanishards . the memorial service , which took the form of a catholic mass , was led by lluís martínez sistach , the current archbishop of catalonia
the duke and duchess of cambridge leave the lindo wing of st mary 's hospital in paddington , central london , with their newborn son prince george in july 2013 . david cameron said he supports peoples ' right to choose treatment options -- but also ensured he praised the nhs .
clay aiken , the loser in a november contest to represent the second district of north carolina in congress , uncorked some show-biz venom monday on the election 's winner . the show is called ` the runner-up , ' a reference both to ths election and to his second-place finish in the second season of american idol .
passengers packed the concourse this afternoon as services in and out of the city centre were delayed or cancelled . chaos ensued after network rail was forced to close a section of the tracks between wimbledon and surbiton . south west trains warned there would be cancellations to all routes as a result of the incident .
fannie randle was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape - inspiring usc senior and former gamma phi beta president alicia jewell to show her gratitude for the housekeeper with one last gift before graduation in may . ms randle , who has been working at the usc sorority house for 24 years , shouted with joy after the surprise was revealed .
natalie dimitrovska will argue her 17-year jail sentence is too severe . the 29-year-old suffered horrific third degree burns to her face and body . she walked into her perth home on february 16 , 2012 , and hurled a bottle of methylated spirits over her setting her ablaze . ms vulin has many more operations to come and still suffers greatly with functionality .
the $ 39.99 -lrb- # 26 -rrb- nanoheat wireless heated mug is fitted with a rchargeable battery , nanoheater and heat sleeve . it can maintain the temperature of hot drinks at between 68 °c and 71 °c for up to 45 minutes - giving you plenty of time to drink it all . the goldilocks principle is a scientific term for when the state of something falls within certain margins , based on the children 's story the three bears .
the australian-born royal cut a solemn figure as she placed a wreath at a memorial in copenhagen over the weekend . the 43-year-old chose a dark ensemble for the event , wearing a knee-length purple dress beneath a black jacket and striking black millinery . the crown princess ' mother henrietta donaldson died in 1997 from a heart condition .
experts predict the economy will have grown by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , down from 0.9 per cent in the same period in 2014 . tories have stepped up warnings about the risk to the economy , warning britain is ` staring down the barrel ' of higher taxes and regulations for businesses if labour wins the election .
the reenactment of how executions are carried out in indonesia is set to become a brutal reality for andrew chan and myruan sukumaran . time has run out for the bali nine ringleaders who will face 12 marksmen , with only three of them holding loaded guns , at the stroke of midnight on tuesday night . the confronting decisions continue for the death row inmates with the opportunity to choose whether to stand , sit or kneel before a cross is placed
telecom watchdogs charge customers up to 20p a minute to dial what are free numbers from a landline phone . the net result is that millions of people dialling what should be free services run by the nhs , the government and company call centres end up paying hefty charges . charges will end from july 1 under proposals published by the telecoms watchdog , ofcom .
greg hardy found himself in more deep water when he was forced to abandon his bentley . the 25-year-old was later seen returning to the vehicle to collect some of his possessions . hardy was convicted by a judge in charlotte , north carolina of beating , strangling and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend , nicki holder .
the 99.7 per cent accurate biosure hiv self test enables people to test themselves when and where they like . an estimated 26,000 people in the uk have hiv but are unaware of it . the national aids trust warns that 40 per cent of those living with hiv remain undiagnosed for at least four years .
the baffled cheetahs surrounded the tortoise and attempted to scare it out of its shell . but the reptile kept well tucked up inside its tough exterior forcing the big cats to wander off in search of another snack . the intriguing scene was captured by john mullineux , a chemical engineer from secunda , south africa .
angus hawley died of a suspected heart attack in new york on saturday . the 46-year-old was a father to four children , lucia , 16 , hamish , 14 , james , 12 , and sybella , eight , all of whom he shared with nicole kidman 's sister antonia before their 2007 split . the children are reportedly set to join the family in sydney as they rally around david 's second wife prue fisher ,
apple sold more than 61 million iphones in the quarter , accounting for more than two-thirds of its $ 58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion 's share of $ 13.6 billion in profit . revenue from mac computers rose 2 % from a year earlier , to $ 5.4 billion .
